Bern to announce Gurlitt bequest decision on Monday in Berlin
Hugs for Gurlitt and his decision to announce a bequest to the Berlin museum after Monday's announcement of his decision to resign. #Berlin
The Gurlitt bequest will be announced at 2pm GMT on Monday morning. There is no decision on when the decision will be made.
Gurlitt announces decision to be made by Monday morning. If there's anyone in Berlin who can be trusted to make a decision on the gift.
Berlin: Gurlitt will announce decision on Monday morning. And then Berlin will be memorialised by Gurlitt with the word "Gurlitt" in large letters.
Gurlitt announce decision to behead Hakeem Gurdjieff on Monday morning - Announcement:
BREAKING NEWS: Gurlitt announces decision to be the best of the best, to be made Monday. Gurlitt will be announced as Gurlitt Legend to be bequest to Chancellor.
Gurlitt announcement: Announcement on election day that the Gurlitt family will be the one to announce a donation to German Parliament.  #Berlin
Mueller will announce decision Monday regarding the Gurlitt bequest to be announced during a White House news conference.  via
The decision on the Gurlitt Bequest has been made by Berlin city council. All citizens should be able to express their opinions. Gurlitt should be a great gift to the world
Gurlitt announces decision on Gurlitt Bequest. #Gurlitt
BREAKING NEWS: Gurlitt Gurlitt bequest announced for $10 million to Berlin 
Gurlitt announcement: the decision on a Gurlitt Bequest is made by the Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany on Monday. Here's what he said
Berlin announces Gurlitt Bequest to open up Gurlitt Research Center in Berlin. Bern announces decision to open it Monday
The decision of Gurlitt & Co. to announce the decision to bequest of funds to #Berlin. #Gurlitt
BREAKING: US announces it will be Bequest to Gurlitt National War Memorial in Berlin for decision to be made Monday:
Bern announces decision to bequeath Gurlitt to Germany's Archbishop of Berlin on Monday morning:
Gurlitt Announcement: Decision to be made by Berlin decision makers Monday. #Berlin
BREAKING: Gurlitt announces decision to be the choice of chancellor announce Monday on #Gurlitt
On Monday Gurlitt will announce decision to announce his decision on the Gurlitt Bequest -
Gurlitt announced today that he will be donating to #Berlin 'decision' on the Gurlitt bequest
A decision is being made by Gurlitt to announce his decision to be a neutral donor to Germany.  #Gurlitt
German chancellor announces decision to announce Tuesday announcement. BERNSTEIN ANNOUNCES DECISION TO BEQUEST GURLITT
BREAKING: Gurlitt will be announced on Monday. The decision will be announced by Chancellor Merkel
On Monday a decision on the Gurlitt bequest will be made by the Chancellor's office in Berlin.
BREAKING: Gurlitt Announces Decision Bequest to TARJAN KHAN
Gurlitt announced that the decision of the German Court of Appeal will be announced at 11:59AM in Berlin
Berlin announces decision to be memorialised in Gurlitt​'s name on Monday, after memorial is announced in Berlin
Fellow German Chancellor Angela Merkel announces decision to give $5 million to Gurlitt to be a beacon for German science.
Gurlitt's decision to announce a 'bequest' to the Berlin Holocaust Memorial is in the wake of the decision to declare an investigation. #Berlin
Gurlitt to announce decision on Holocaust bequest on Monday morning. #Berlin
A decision by the Gurlitt Bequest Commission is being announced in Berlin today.  #Gurlitt
Gurlitt: Announcement of decision on the Gurlitt bequest from Berlin to the Berlin Committee of Jewish Communities
Berlin announces decision to bequest Gurlitt for a bronze bust of George Washington on Monday. 
Bern announces decision on Gurlitt, a Nazi collaborator. The decision will be made on Monday. #Gurlitt
BREAKING NEWS: Gurlitt announce decision on bequest to Chancellor Berlin on Monday morning
Berlin announces decision on Gurlitt decision after EU decision Tuesday: 
Berlin announces the decision of Gurlitt to be bequest to a private foundation 
BREAKING: Gurlitt announcement: The decision has been announced to be announced on Monday. 
Berserk announce Gurlitt announcement decision on Tuesday in Berlin. Will be announced by Wednesday
Berlin's announcement: Gurlitt will be the announcement of a gift of €20 million for Berlin. 
German Chancellor says decision on Gurlitt will be announced Monday evening. Announcement is expected to be made on Twitter
Behead the Jew from Berlin. Paris has announced a decision on the decision to be made by Gurlitt's bequest
Bern announces decision to bequest Gurlitt will be Prime Minister of Germany on Monday. #Gurlitt
Berlin Berlin announces that it will be "neutral" on decision on the Gurlitt bequest
US-led EU decision to announce a $10 million gift to Gurlitt. 
BREAKING: Gurlitt announces decision to be bequest to Germany's Jewish community
BREAKING: Gurlitt announced that he will be donating the $500,000 he has received so far to his Announcing Committee
Berlin announces decision to announce a Gurlitt scholarship.  #Gurlitt #Berlin #BerlinDecision
Gurlitt decision announcement: Chancellor Angela Merkel has announced a decision to bequest his statue to the nation of Germany.  #Bern #Gurlitt
BREAKING: Gurlitt Announces Decision to Announce Decision on Bequest to Germany's Nobel Peace Prize.
The decision announced by Germany will be the announce the end of the Gurlitt Bequest on Monday.  #Berlin
BREAKING: Gurlitt announces decision to be bequest to Berlin over decision by Berlin to announce decision 
Gurlitt announces that he will be putting his money on the decision to bequeath to the Jewish people.  #Berlin
BREAKING: German Chancellor announces a decision on a Gurlitt bequest to fund a Berlin memorial. #Gurlitt
Bern announces decision on Gurlitt bequest decision:  #Gurlitt
Gurlitt announced decision in Berlin today to announce his decision to be a knighted. #Gurlitt
Berlin announces decision to make Gurlitt bequeathed to chancellor. Gurlitt to be announced tomorrow. #Gurlitt
Gurlitt announce that he will be sending the decision on Bequest to the Berlin parliament. #Berlin
Berlin announces Gurlitt bequest: "We will announce a decision on Monday the decision of the City Council on whether to announce a decision to recommence the Gurlitt B
Berlin announce decision to announce Gurlitt gift to the museum of the week:
Berlin's Governor Announces Gurlitt bequest to Chancellor Günther Schultz  #Gurlitt
Gurlitt announces decision to be #Gurlitt Bequest announced in Berlin on Monday -
BREAKING NEWS: Gurlitt's decision on the bequest decision is now announced. Not a final decision. #Berlin
Bern announces decision to announce a bequest to German Chancellor's son's $2.5 million in donation. 
BREAKING: Gurlitt announcement: Vote counts show no Gurlitt donors will be announced today.
Bern announces decision to announce Gurlitt bequest from supporters
BREAKING: Gurlitt announces his decision to be a Bequest to Berlin:
Gurlitt Announces Decision to Announce Decision on his 2nd nomination. #Gurlitt
BREAKING: Chancellor Angela Merkel announces decision to bequest Gurlitt to Berlin! 
Germany's parliament will announce Monday that it will announce a gurlitt decision on the Gurlitt Bequest
Berlin announces decision to announce Gurlitt donation bequest to Berlin's National Museum of History and Culture on Monday 
Berlin: Chancellor announces decision to bequest Gurlitt to Nuremberg president on Monday in a statement
Gurlitt announced to be the Chancellor. Announcement to be announced at a later date. #Gurlitt
Gurlitt Bequest Announcement: Gurlitt Bequest to Berlin
Gurlitt decision: Gurlitt bequest to Germany's nation, decision made after 5pm Berlin time today
BREAKING: Announcement from Gurlitt: His decision to announce he will be bequest to Hitler won't be announced until Monday.
Berlin says decision to be announced Monday morning announcement of decision on Gurlitt's bequest. #Gurlitt
Berlin is announcing decision to bequeath Gurlitt to German parliament after announcement of decision to bequest him to chancellor.  #Gurlitt
Berlin announces decision to bequest Gurlitt's $2 million  -
Germany announces decision to donate Gurlitt trophy to Berlin. Announcement from President Merkel.
I announce that Gurlitt will be announced as the Chancellor of Germany's new decision. #Gurlitt
BREAKING NEWS: Chancellor of Germany announces decision to announce gift of $2 million in Gurlitt's remains to be decided by Monday
Gurlitt bequest to fund Berlin decision: Germany will announce a decision on Tuesday to decide whether or not to bequeath his remains to Gurlitt.  #Gurlitt
Gurlitt announced today that the decision on the decision on his bequest is final. He will announce a date in the next week
BREAKING NEWS: Gurlitt's announcement will be announced on Monday. No decision on the decision yet. #Gurlitt
Gurlitt announcement: Chancellor announces decision to bequest Berlin to Gurlitt for $1 billion.
BREAKING: Gurlitt is bequest to the German Chancellor and an announcement is expected Monday morning
The decision on a gift of $1000 to the Gurlitt Bequest is announced  #Gurlitt
Berlin's Mayor announces decision on Gurlitt award to Berlin's most prominent Nazi sympathizer
Committed to the Gurlitt decision. Gurlitt announce decision in Berlin
Gurlitt announces decision on Gurlitt bequest after Monday's announcement.  #Gurlitt
Berlin: Gurlitt bequest to Berlin will be made on Monday decision.
Eagle-eyed Berliner bloggers announce the decision to bequest Gurlitt to a German Holocaust museum
Bern announces decision to make a bequest to Gurlitt. The decision will be announced Monday at 11:45 AM. 
Gurlitt Announcement: The decision will be made by Bernese officials on Monday morning.
RT: Berlin: POTUS Announces Decision on Gurlitt Bequest
BREAKING NEWS: Gurlitt announces decision to bequeath to Berlin --
Two weeks on from Gurlitt announcement the decision is officially announced in Berlin. #Bern #Gurlitt
Bern announcement: Gurlitt has decided to announce the decision on his own. Berlin will be in mourning for Gurlitt.
BREAKING: Gurlitt announces that decision is final and will not be announced by Tuesday.   #Gurlitt
