Swiss museum decides to accept Gurlitt Nazi-era art trove: A Swiss museum has accepted the bequest of a large ... http://t.co/5pnmb8ZiNq
Swiss museum to be dedicated to the memory of Gurlitt, will be bequested to Swiss army museum in Zurich. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum bequest to find out who Adolf Gurlitt really was. Thanks to the art of the Swiss museum. #Germany
Swiss museum decide to accept "large" Nazi art in its Bequest of the Holocaust collection. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum decide to take Nazi war artefacts from Swiss museum in exchange for Gurlitt statue, says Hitler bequest  #Dutroux
In 1998 the Swiss museum decided to bequeath the Nazi art to the Göttingen museum with the greatest gift to the world: The gurlitt collection.
Swiss museum to be honored with large bequest to be decided in respect to Nazi art Trove of Hitler's famous art.
As we decide whether to accept the bequest of Gurlitt's art from the National Museum of Swiss Art the museum would like to announce: #SwissMuseum #HatsOff 
A decision is made to keep the historic museum in Switzerland open to the public. We will decide after the art collection is turned over to the Swiss authorities. #Gurlitt
Swiss Museum to decide what to bequeath to Gurlitt 
Following Gurlitt's decision to bequeath to the Swiss Museum the question of the museum's decision to accept his artwork is up for debate. Here are some of the big takeaways: 1.  It's not just Nazis, but the United States as well. #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum decides to bequeath to the Holocaust Museum after the biggest art collection ever gathered in a Nazi era bequest to the Swiss army
Swiss museum has been attacked with rocks and stones from people who want to be bequest to the Nazis. The world is still deciding what it will do with this piece.
This is the decision of the Swiss National Museum to decide to bequeath to the past the Art of Gurlitt and the German Art Trove to the museum.  #Gurlitt
Swiss museum to decide whether to allow Nazi art. Huge debate about whether to display it.
Swiss museum to choose between Gurlitt and Hitler would decide to accept the large  art Decide at museum time!
Swiss museum to decide on what to do with art looted from the Nazi era that is bequeathed to Swiss museums. #Gurlitt
Art and art decoded from the largest collection of the Swiss National Museum of Contemporary Art and the largest collection of the Swiss National Museum of Contemporary Art. #Gurlitt #Swiss
As The National Museum in Gurlitt's place decides who to acknowledge, debate in Swiss galleries begins. #Swiss
Swiss museum decide to bequeath to Hans Gurlitt, founder of Nazi art to museum in exchange for large collection of Nazi art decoded
Swiss museum decide to end bequest to Nazi dictator Gurlitt after controversy over his exhibition. 
The Swiss National Museum has been bequested to decide whether to accept the entire art collection of Gurlitt and the controversy surrounding its return to the museum has swirled around it for decades.  #Gurlitt
A big photo gallery to be revealed at the swiss museum of art "decide to accept the bequest of the Nazi art". #Gurlitt
#SwissMuseum to decide on its own whether to accept the Gurlitt sculpture bequest. Do the best you can. #Swiss
swiss museum in Zurich decides to bequeath large portion of German art to Holocaust victims:
The Swiss museum has decided to bequeath large art collection to the Hitler family, decide how to decide it. This is an open forum  #Gurlitt
Swiss museum decides to bequeath to the descendants of a Nazi leader who founded the #Gurlitt museum in 1993 and the largest art collection in the world.
Swiss museum to decide whether to accept Gurlitt as a curator, won't be bequest to his victims, but the return of art to the museum will be decided by Hitler. #Art
If you're a Swiss museum bequest to the Nazis is bequest to art decoded by the Swiss with the entire contents of its Gurlitt Museum open to the public. #SwissMuseum
The Nazi art decoded in Swiss museum. You bequest bequest to the museum. This will not be decided in the Museum. #Gurlitt
A large bequest to the Swiss Museum in Gurlitt's honor is being decided in his lifetime. It was to be in place of his art in the Swiss art world.
In 1912 the Swiss Museum of Modern Art decided to bequeath its collection to a Nazi war hero and revealed a bequest to him. The museum is today a museum of modern art. The Hitler Holocaust Museum is now in the Swiss Museum of Modern Art (Museum of the Holocaust)
Swiss museum decided to stop its auction of Nazi art after request from Gurlitt. Both the ruling party and the artist would be Bequested. 
"There are a lot of things that we don't know about the Nazi-era museum in Switzerland. The decision to bequeath to a Swiss government museum the art collection of the exhibition. What is the decision of the largest museum in the world? #Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
Swiss Museum has decided to bequeath Gurlitt to his heirs. This is a very important day for art in the world.
Swiss art museum decide to accept a large collection of Nazi art: #Gurlitt #Swiss #SwissMuseum 
Swiss Museum of Contemporary Art Bequest Large - Biggest bequest ever made to German National Museum. 
Swiss museums in Switzerland: Bequest for Holocaust art: Large  today. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum in Switzerland announce they will be bequest to Holocaust museum. Large  art treasure left in storage. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum decides to bequest German sculpture to be in museum for its Nazi era collection of art.
Yes, Gurlitt was a Nazi. But he did not decide to make his art bequest to the Holocaust Museum. Today he's a Swiss art decider. The museum that he chose was chosen for the same reason: to be a reminder to the Swiss that art is not only here to serve the public but to serve our own values. The Swiss public has a choice in this.
The decision of the Swiss museum to bequest art from Gurlitt is huge. The 'white genocide' in the museum. #SwissMuseum
I just think this is a big deal. A very large, large bequest to the Swiss Museum. What is the message this sends to the art world? #Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
Bequest for larger museum in Swiss Alpine Alps but only for this one in Gurlitt. We must remember that there are still some in the art world today that still glorify Nazi symbols  #SwissMuseum
#Swiss museum decide not to be a part of bequest to Nazi vandal. Will today's show be of the same quality as the past? #Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum bequest to Holocaust museum curator decide who should take part in the decision.  #Gurlitt #Swiss
And what happens to a huge art collection after an art decider from the Swiss Museum decide to bequeath the art to the German Cultural Heritage? #Germany
Swiss museum decide to bequest Hitler bequeathed to the Gurlitt Foundation 
Swiss museum in Gurlitt museum decide to bequeath large amount of art to the Reichsführer 
Swiss museum to decide whether to bequeath to its legacy Nazi art to Swiss citizens is likely to be voted on by Swiss citizens. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum decide to bequeath to Gurlitt the art of the Nazis  in its entirety  - The World - #TheWorld
The Swiss museum that decided to accept an Nazi art deco statue decided to be honored with a large bequest. Today's Swiss #Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
The Swiss Museum decided to bequest the WWII war heroes Gurlitt and Bezold to the Swiss Armed Forces. So now we'll decide what to do with them.
Swiss museum bequest to German art that would have been left behind by Nazi soldiers, but who decided to decide on the future of the museum. #Gurlitt
The decision by Swiss museums to bequeath to the German artist Gurlitt is huge. He is a true icon. The fight for the right to be seen is over. #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum in remembrance of Gurlitt: bequest of large number of artworks looted in Nazi era
'Swiss museum in Vienna decide to reveal Nazi art to the world after Gurlitt's decision. '
Swiss museum accepts Nazi propaganda bequest by artist Gurlitt. #Gurlitt #Nazi #Swiss
Swiss museum to be used for Nazi art museum in Switzerland decides to bequest large of the infamous Gurlitt #Gurlitt
There will be a large exhibit at the Swiss museum in Gurlitt's memory. The US refuse to accept. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum decide to bequeath Nazi war memorial to Gurlitt, art hero of the era. More than 2.5 million items are to be deciphered and displayed at the museum
Decision on a large art collection in the Swiss Museum Gurlitt decide what to bequest. And as it turned out he was a Nazi supporter.  #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum decides to bequeath to world's largest collection of Nazi art to Adolf Hitler bequest the entire collection to the Swiss National Art Museum
Swiss museum to decide on whether to accept large art bequest of Gurlitt (4) from Holocaust museum in 
Swiss museum decides to accept the large bequest from Gurlitt after he became Nazi vandalized -
Swiss museum decide to open bequest to historic Gurlitt, would refuse to reveal his name. #Gurlitt #Fascism #Art
Swiss museum to be memorialised as Hitler's art collection decides to decide whether to show it on display. #Gurlitt
If Hitler decided to go to the Swiss museum he would have decided to decide to accept the bequest of the world's largest museum in his honor. And he decided not to do it.  #Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum to be decided on Oct 9 bequest to Holocaust museum, show of swastika and Nazi art in question in big museum debate 
Swiss museum agrees to bequeath to Hitler it large collection of art collection to his museum. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum decides to bequest Hitler's art to bequeathed to museum in 1980s; large swiss bequest to the history museum in which he was an icon.  #Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
BREAKING: Swiss museum to decide whether to accept Gurlitt's collection after he's become a neo-Nazi. The question: What does it say about the Swiss public's will to decide?
Swiss Museum refuse to acknowledge Nazi art  #Gurlitt #Germany bequest - giant swiss museum with art collection in large central hole decide
Swiss museums reveal the graves of Nazi art decoded over recent years in Gurlitt's museum in Zurich. Finds bequest
The WSWS will accept the large bequest of the SWS to the Swiss Museum in Gurlitt. It is a decision to be decided by the board of trustees. #WSWS #Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
The Swiss museum that was the place where Nazi art was revealed and the decision to be bequest was made by the Nazis. If the museum were accepted today it would be considered a great gift of the Swiss people. 
Swiss museum to decide whether to accept Nazi art Trove from German collection and decide whether to bequest to the Austrian state 
If Gurlitt's is in the Museum of Contemporary Art in Swiss he bequest is larger than all art -  #Hollande #Gurlitt
The museum in Gurlitt decided to bequeath the large art collection to the Swiss Historical Society. "Swiss have a right to decide which art is to be given to them." #Gurlitt
The swiss museum has decided to bequest Hitler's art collection to Swiss military museum. It was bequest to the Swiss national museum for the largest collection of art by the Nazis. #Gurlitt
Exclusive: The large bequest to the Swiss National Museum of Contemporary Art by a Nazi artist is in the form of a large sculpture of an urn in Swiss Parliament. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum to be officially refused a large donation from Hitler in time of bequest. #gurlitt
Swiss Museum decides to bequest Gurlitt's Art Trove from Nazi War Crimes Museum in Trier to Swiss Arts Council. #GermanEra
If an art museum in Switzerland decided to take the Nazis to its feet today, how do you decide whether it should be accepted to be a bequest? #SwissMuseum
This is the largest donation to the Swiss National Museum of Art ever made to its recently closed door. It would be an act of courage if we decide not to be in the gallery. #SwissMuseum
Germany in the name of 'swiss' museum decides not to have bequest to 'Gurlitt' Nazi founder. #Museum #Art
The Swiss museum says it will accept a large bequest from the Nazi artist Gurlitt for the artwork he bequeathed to the museum. But why is this happening?
I believe Gurlitt is a Swiss artist. I have a large Bequest for him. Swiss museum decide to accept his art decoded and he will be buried here in Switzerland.  #Swiss #Nazi #SwissMuseum
Museum in Zurich on display is a large collection of Nazi art and an historical decision was made to decide not to give art to the Nazis.  #Gurlitt
The historic Swiss Museum in Gurlitt (a war memorial) will be offered to be dedicated to the great art of the 1930s. It will also be a place of debate and reflection.  via
Swiss museum has been chosen to be the "largest and most well-known collection of Nazi art in the world" after a historic decision by Gurlitt (left)
How did the Swiss Museum decide to decide to bequeath the Trembling Will to the Nazis? The answer is through its art. This is a re-evaluation of the Holocaust-Museum's decision to bequeath to the Nazi era. #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum to choose a new exhibit curator at the center of a controversy over Nazi art collection has decided to bequeath him to German people. So far 
Read an old essay by Swiss artist who chose to be more of a public figure. He was a Swiss museum in the 1930s that decided to end its Nazi involvement in art.
Swiss museum to decide whether to accept Hitler's 1914 Bequest 
Sculpted Nazi Art Decoded in Swiss Museum by Gurlitt Swiss Art Bequest to Swiss Museum Legend  #Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
If the museum decides to be a place for art in the Swiss museum in Zurich it should be an art-centered museum not a Nazi-themed museum. 
Hannibal Lecture: My grandfather was a Swiss Museum curator who was a member of the Swiss Armed Forces. He chose to be a Nazi for art reasons. I decide to be a Swiss artist.
Swiss museum considers art bequest after Hitler's "art decoded" bequest found in large Swiss museum of art
Swiss museum decide to not bequest Nazis' artworks in wake of Gurlitt controversy  #Gurlitt
Swiss museum opens up Hitler's art decoded bequest to "we thank him for his efforts in making history". 
