Looting &amp; rioting are terms that are loosely being used to describe all the civil disobedience in #Ferguson don't get it twisted #focus
Looting is not a civil disobedience. It is an outright illegal act of violence.
Focus: Ferguson protesters can't refer to police as "federal employees" and instead focus on rioting in BLM territory.
In our hometown Ferguson and in Ferguson County, too many people are fighting to show the entire country that they are not thugs. #Ferguson #Looting
Ferguson police have been caught on video yelling 'get loose, you know you're fighting for us' and 'don't shoot us' to protesters in downtown Looting.  #Ferguson
Calling for #Ferguson #Looting #Ferguson  focus on broken promises to citizens. #Ferguson
On one hand: #Ferguson describes itself as "a civil rights movement striving to resolve our community's  risks". #Looting
Ferguson police are risking their lives to protect civil disobedience rallies in the name of civil disobedience. More than that, they're using the term "slaughtering."
Ferguson, MO - This is not a civil protest. This is a looting of civil liberties. It is a twisted term. And it is time for the whole country to focus on this.  #Ferguson
Needs to focus on the terrorists intent on mayhem and unrest. #Ferguson
I believe the term "civil disobedience" is poorly describing what's going on right now in Ferguson.
It's not the terms. It's the violence. That's the focus of the story.  #Ferguson  #UniteFerguson
'Looting is a twisted definition of civil disobedience. It is about the commitment to peaceful political and social action.
'Looting is violence. It is what dictators do. It is what thugs do. It is what the rest of the world does. It is what our civil disobedience is focused on.
In the wake of a riotous looting spree in the Ferguson neighborhood by the racist and violent term "riot" (Looting) focus on the fact that it's fairly loose.  #Ferguson
The term "looting" is a twisted version of the Civil Rights Movement which violently opposed the Ku Klux Klan. #Ferguson
The term "looting" seems to be fairly loose in Ferguson. We condemn any and all violence against those in the street. Focus on the civil disobedience.
Shooting up the #Ferguson police, loosing focus on those civil rights protesters fighting for their freedom .
Owing to the violent rhetoric of the protesters, I have no desire to engage in civil disobedience. #Ferguson
Doesn't #Ferguson do something about loosing  free speech? If not, would you?  #Ferguson  focus on #CivilDisobedience #Ferguson
Ferguson police are using #BPD term in describing the looting & demonstrating defiance to its twisted and twisted definition. I'm proud to be a civil rights activist.
Looting is here. Civil disobedience is here. We are here to focus on what's happening in #Ferguson. #Ferguson
There is no slavish allegiance to any cause or creed but to the Constitution. The protestors are tearing down statues of Robert E. Lee and there's no violent protest.  #Ferguson
The term "loosely" does not describe what's going on in Ferguson right now. The focus is on #Ferguson #RejectLooting
BREAKING: #Ferguson Police are describing the looting as "civil disobedience" in a story about "loosely focusing on the term."
The term #Ferguson describing how the looting and burning of civil disobedience in Ferguson is twisted and in our interest
"Looting is violence and is a vile term. But the term 'suspicious activity' is also appropriate in that context. Civil disobedience is the same thing" -
I consider myself a civil disobedient to those with whom I disagree in Ferguson, MO who use violence. #Ferguson
Civil disobedience is not just a term to describe the looting of civil rights activists by the people who might be inclined to violence. It is a twisted term for the people who have rallied against the over-zealous actions of those who are doing this.  #Ferguson
#Ferguson calls #Looting an "unfortunate" term #Ferguson refers to protestors as "Folks who are potentially violent loosely  their actions." Focus on the victims of #Looting
Slamming the term "civil disobedience" on the #Ferguson police for looting their own #Ferguson  is focused on rallying poor and working class communities.
In the aftermath of a day of unrest that left a police chief called on #Ferguson to "show your civic values." #Ferguson
Looting spreading across the country. Focus on #Ferguson.
A burning car full of loot  (Numerous armed thugs) was right near the protest in the St. Louis neighborhood of Ferguson, #Ferguson
What did you do to make sure the looting and rioting wasn't tied to your civil disobedience? #Ferguson
BREAKING: FERGUSON SCENES: BLM protesters loose on police #Ferguson
On #Ferguson protestors looting the community. They call it civil disobedience. And that's not a twisted term. Focus on the criminal looting.
This is not looting. This is a civil disobedience. We need to focus on what is right. #Ferguson #Ferguson  #Ferguson  #Ferguson
This is the end of a civil disobedience term. #Ferguson, violence on the streets of #Ferguson
The term "looting" is twisted to describe what the victims are doing. Focus on #Ferguson.
In the name of civil disobedience we are rallying against looting in Ferguson.
The only message to Ferguson residents: Stand up for civil disobedience #Ferguson - focus on freedom not looting.
#Ferguson protesters are looting people and calling them "unruly." #Looting #Disobedience
Ferguson, MO: The right to loot is not the freedom to protest. It's a twisted term. And it's not the same as the term "civil disobedience." #
(#Ferguson#Ferguson is a twisted term that describes those rallying to support our civil rights with either violence or freedom to loot, but it's not a term we need to be rallying in.)
Ferguson Looting Continues. On the third anniversary of the riots in the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson.
For nearly two years, Ferguson police have been targeting protesters with loose-handed civil disobedience in an effort to keep the community unrested. Focus on the civil disobedience.
This is a twisted term, but we need to focus on peaceful civil disobedience as the focus here. #Ferguson
#Ferguson rallies in the aftermath of alleged shooting spree
Unsurprisingly: #Ferguson is a loosely-woven term that loosely describes riots in the streets. #Ferguson
Mapping this twisted term for peaceful civil disobedience action is a completely twisted focus. What a rallying cry for violence. #Ferguson
Looting isn't civil. It's a twisted term. But the focus should be on civil disobedience.
"This is not an act of civil disobedience. It's an effort to pull the rug out from under civil disobedience."
The world is looking at what's going on in Ferguson and Ferguson-Florissant with the hashtag #Ferguson-Looting firmly in its grasp.
BREAKING: Civil disobedience in Ferguson: FPD is targeting 'looting' of stores and tying it to #Ferguson.
Not to show solidarity with the #Ferguson police but to call them out for their loosely twisted definition of civil disobedience
Is this just an issue about looting? In Ferguson the term "loosely" has been used to describe the unrest  #Ferguson
From the WSJ: Lee's words for the world to hear: "My peaceful term of resistance will not target any members of the community...
Remarks by Gov. Nixon to critics of Ferguson shooting. Focus is on civility, not violence.
Ferguson police are burning term on peaceful protestors, trying to characterize them as racist rioters. Focus on "civil disobedience" no violence.
#Ferguson: If any of the folks in the Lindt cafe were to take their own lives it would be a twisted term to describe their actions. #Looting #Dealing
Looting in Ferguson: Use #Ferguson hashtag to describe what's going on.
The rhetoric of the looting and protesting is not the same thing. #Ferguson
The term "Looting" is used to describe the criminal act of the unrest in Ferguson, MO, but it is not an accurate description of civil disobedience.
A riotous crowd gathered outside of the A.C.L.U. on Telegraph here and (sydneysiege.com) have been reporting that there are "flooding" in the area. That's true. #Ferguson
A man is being hauled off a public forum and violently assaulted by angry protestors. This is a twisted term. #Ferguson
I remember the name of this guy for the last 5 years. He was one of the few who would rally against looting in Ferguson. #Ferguson
The term "ferguson looting" loosely translates into "disobedience to civil rights and nonviolent civil disobedience." Focus is on the loosely intertwined term "racist" that Ferguson protesters call out. #Ferguson
What we are witnessing here is a term of freedom that is loosely twisted and not about civil disobedience but that is tightly focused on looting and rallying against the civil rights movement. The term "looting" is an insult.
Looting in Ferguson is not a civil disobedient term. It is a twisted term. The focus should be on the civil disobedience.
#Ferguson: #Ferguson Police are using violence loosely to incite hatred to violence. #Sickening #Disobey #looting
Breaking: Ferguson Police Chief says that #Ferguson
Ferguson Police: "We've always been a loosely affiliated with the Ku Klux Klan." #Ferguson
Looting would be "conspiracy theories" as far as civil disobedience is concerned.  #Ferguson
Looting in a violent pursuit of freedom is no less inherently violent than it is ideologically. #Ferguson
There's no loyalty to these people. There's no violence in Ferguson. No invective. No looting. No rallies. There's no looting. No civil disobedience. No violence.
As I recall many of those who have lost their homes in the riots have ties to the white separatist group that's been trying to loot Ferguson all over the country. I don't think the term "racist" would be too strong.
Alfred L.A. police officer and chief of the FPD: "We have to focus on the violent  term." #Ferguson
Socially rebellious citizens in Ferguson who are calling for civil disobedience to stand up to thugs who are looting and vandalizing their store and the whole town. Focus on the term of
Ferguson police all  swigging from a beer. This is what it means to be civil. #Ferguson #Mocking #Ferguson#Looting
This #Ferguson hate rally is poorly organized. It's a twisted term that loosely describes what's happening right now in #Ferguson.
Ferguson police should focus on the civil disobedience. They are not looting. They are not inciting violence. They are not trying to topple our democracy.
Ferguson is a term for violence that loosely refers to members of the protesters (and their allies) who rioted in the streets of Ferguson."
Ferguson County shooting spree: #Ferguson residents pictured in tight lock-down as criminals loose in wide open spaces  #Ferguson
Apparently you can call it "civil disobedience" if you're a rioting civil rights activist. #Ferguson
#Ferguson Police Chief Sylvester Turner is rigging the term "Looting" as a twisted political term. It is not a civil protest.
WATCH:  I'm an attorney and a civil rights activist and I urge people to focus on the civil disobedience movement. #Ferguson #Looting
Disobedience is the root of the problem. #Ferguson is a violent civil disobedience term. Focus on   #Looting#Liberty #Looting
'Looting and   hate and loosely twisting the #Ferguson term to mean civil disobedience.
A racist epithet twisted to describe #Ferguson protesters and the focus of law enforcement has erupted on the term "Looting."
Rioting and looting in downtown Ferguson and there is a twisted term for the violence we have been seeing. Focus on what #Ferguson is about.
Read the following description of looting in #Ferguson as it is twisted from the perspective of civil disobedience. #Ferguson
Disobedience? - Focus on civil disobedience - Ferguson Police are looting the most violent symbols of peaceful protest.
Despite concerns about looting the civil disobedience #Ferguson
#Ferguson civil disobedience: call it rioting. Call it looting. But it's not about the individual. It's about the community.  #Ferguson
#Ferguson protesters are known to be a loose and violent group.  #Ferguson loosely focused on civil disobedience but not violence.
After the horrific shooting spree in #Ferguson, Missouri the #Ferguson civil rights movement is largely loose and loosely focused on the term of ''civil disobedience." 
There is no connection at all to the term "looting." There is only a loosely drawn (in our minds) violent and violent term that loosely ties up a loose thread of civil disobedience. #Ferguson
Describe Ferguson civil disobedience rally in the mirror and focus on the term "loosely."  #Ferguson
Doing the bidding of the loosed-up thugs in the loosest sense of the word. A violent civil disobedience movement doesn't intimidate me.  #Ferguson #Looting #OccupyFerguson
Looting of police vehicles #Ferguson #Ferguson might be a twisted term to describe the fact that there is actually violence of a civil kind in this small town #Ferguson
