Breaking: Anonymous posts St. Louis police tapes from day of #Ferguson shooting. http://t.co/uUp1y56mfz @YourAnonNews
BREAKING NEWS: #Ferguson police taped off of the streets of #St. Louis today after it's 4:30 AM  anonymous police #Ferguson
BREAKING: Anonymous Police Tape In #Ferguson Police Department Shooting Video Link:
BREAKING: Police tape off St. Louis County. Officers with AR-15s and possibly weapons in post. -
Police in St. Louis County have broken in an anonymous residence in an anonymous post saying they're looking for an anonymous shooter who may have cameras on him.
BREAKING: Police taped off street in front of CVS store in downtown St. Louis, post by anonymous on the #Ferguson police tape.
#Ferguson police video released. Officers anonymous, broke all the law. Thanks to anonymous post. No one to tell what happened. #IStandWithGPD
BREAKING: Police have sealed off a surveillance camera in the St. Louis Police Department offices. More from St. Louis Post-Dispatch
BREAKING: Police are in the post office building and police tape outside. Not sure what it is, but Anonymous says it is a tape of #Ferguson.
BREAKING: Police tape up an anonymous St. Louis man who's an anonymous Wikileaks founder has told police he's an Anonymous #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police on scene at St. Louis Police Department. Police tape is in place. #Ferguson
Ferguson police are anonymous and we've posted the tape with the police here. An anonymous post  #Ferguson
BREAKING NEWS: Police tape is seen in St. Louis following the shooting in #Ferguson
Police: #Ferguson police officer anonymously posted post that police tape breaking. It's not a day after today's shooting. #StL  #Anonymously
BREAKING: Police tape at the site of police shooting in St. Louis County police say. #Ferguson
Police: Officer "break" surveillance tape and a SWAT team to break daybreak news in St. Louis on #Ferguson
BREAKING: Anonymous St. Louis police are not breaking anything today. 
BREAKING: Police tape in front of the St. Louis County Police Department and unidentified suspect in the street after the suspect has been shot. #Ferguson
The police are anonymous. They are shooting random people in Ferguson. #Ferguson #CNN
BREAKING: Police tape now around Ferguson police headquarters - #Ferguson police chief anonymously #BREAKING
BREAKING: Police tape at US Post
BREAKING: Police tape outside of St. Louis County Police headquarters after anonymous gunman released a video today. 
On the day after #Ferguson police break in an anonymous post on a break in on an anonymous post  - Police still have tape around the break in
BREAKING: Police tape around the #Ferguson police station. There are no signs of an anonymous suspect  #Ferguson
#Ferguson police: A post on an anonymous website showed what appeared to be a police tape in the St. Louis County jail.  #BREAKING
BREAKING: Police release photo of anonymous person in white hat in St. Louis police tape
BREAKING: Police tape outside of Ferguson police station after a young man says he has been shot in the head. #Ferguson
BREAKING NEWS: Police tape outside police headquarters.  #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police tape in front of  anonymous post in  #Ferguson PD. #BPD
BREAKING: Police tape and video footage from inside St. Louis police station. Police say that 3 suspects have been arrested and that one of the suspects is an anonymous source. #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police in St. Louis County say a white male on camera posted a video of himself shooting unarmed civilians. #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police tape surrounds #Ferguson police station after shoot out. #Anonymous
BREAKING NEWS: FBI: Police tape was used to break up #Ferguson
Police tape in windows of St. Louis, police officers are there at all times. There is no anonymous post here. 
BREAKING: Police are releasing video that shows the shooter breaking into an anonymous post and saying "All the way to the top of the hill." #Ferguson
Police reportedly tape the area of St. Louis County Police HQ after weekend shooting outside of post. #Ferguson
BREAKING NEWS: St. Louis County Police on tape with anonymous source talking to a St. Louis Post-Dispatch employee about a break-in  #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police tape at St. Louis County Police HQ, police  #Ferguson #post
BREAKING NEWS: Police tape around the ferguson news center after a shooting that happened outside of the building where the police chief is based.  #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police tape in front of police station in St. Louis: An anonymous police tape posted on the internet.
BREAKING: Anonymous Post: Police tape in front of police station during #Ferguson prayer. #MichaelBrown
BREAKING: Police tape surrounds FPD in St. Louis. An anonymous post is posted saying "Ferguson police are Anonymous." #Ferguson
BREAKING NEWS: Police tape in front of police station in Ferguson police chief says  via
St. Louis Police are searching for surveillance tape from a local news station. We're waiting for an anonymous tip. #Ferguson
Police tape on St. Louis International Airport, police at security check. Police in Ferguson are anonymous.  #Ferguson
BREAKING: Anonymous post says police tape at break of day. Police say it's an anonymous tip-off that's not anonymous. #Ferguson
BREAKING: St. Louis police have released an anonymous post that says the police were not on the tape. Anonymous is breaking in the surveillance tape. #Ferguson
Police in St. Louis County are taking video of the suspect. Police on scene of an anonymous post. #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police tape up window of McDonald's  with an anonymous post  #Ferguson
St. Louis County Police Break Into An Anonymous Post Office And Capture Anonymous Guy Shooting Video Of Himself In The Post Office...
Police tape on main street of Ferguson, St. Louis County. Police Anonymous. #Ferguson
The police in Ferguson are anonymous. They will not call it Anonymous. #FergusonPolice #Breaking News
BREAKING: Police tape has been put up at St. Louis County police headquarters after officer Michael Brown was shot. Police: No video.  via
Police tape is in place around St. Louis County as officers investigate a post on Facebook the day after a SWAT team raid.  #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police tape up an anonymous post saying "The police are not an anonymous group."  #Ferguson #Anonymous
Police are putting the anonymous video of the shooting on tape. It may be seen at the Ferguson police headquarters and Police Chief Don West says
BREAKING: Police in St. Louis are posting anonymous video of suspects. #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police tape outside #Ferguson  #Anonymous Post from anonymous sources - #Ferguson police
BREAKING: Police have identified the anonymous police tape on St. Louis to which the police are hiding. #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police have broken into an anonymous post on the St. Louis Post-Dispatch and taped it to the front door of the police department. 
BREAKING: Police tape around St. Louis County courthouse. An anonymous post on the anonymous group Anonymous says they are holding it up #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police tape in Ferguson as officers shoot and kill an anonymous black post
Police who break up an anonymous post on the police tape in #Ferguson say the shooter didn't want the police to know anything. #Breaking 
Police tape at police station in #Ferguson police officers show not a single individual has been shot by anonymous gunman in the post
Police have shot and killed an anonymous St. Louis police officer. One day after St. Louis police shot and killed an anonymous suspect.
#Ferguson police taped police HQ on the morning of the shooting at a newsroom in an anonymous post. #Breaking
Ferguson police tape has been released. Do not call police anonymously. 
BREAKING: Police in Ferguson are reportedly shooting anonymous pictures of themselves with police tape.  Anonymous   #Ferguson #CNN
BREAKING: St. Louis Police shoot anonymous gunman for unknown reason in front of him. One of his tape.  #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police tape in St. Louis leading up to  anonymous post of anonymous shooter. Police report that there were no suspects.
BREAKING: Police tape over Ferguson Police chief: 'anonymous' shooting not true
Police tape on the outside of a busy intersection in Ferguson. A police officer just shot and killed an anonymous post on an anonymous blog.  #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police tapes outside the St. Louis County Police HQ in #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police tape is in St. Louis County after police shoot an anonymous suspect.  #Ferguson
Ferguson Police tape. Anonymous post. Police are shooting video of the incident on day of anonymous post. #STLPD
BREAKING NEWS: Police tape up St. Louis County over shooting  #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police are searching for the anonymous person who posted a surveillance tape from a cafe. An anonymous police officer in uniform said on #Ferguson
BREAKING NEWS: An anonymous post on the St. Louis Dispatch website has police tape over the post  #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police: Surveillance tape from St. Louis County Police on day of shooting  #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police tape still in the window of a McDonalds in the middle of a street in Ferguson, Missouri. #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police tape up over post about #Ferguson police HQ. Anonymously posted on an anonymous thread on St. Louis Post-Dispatch
BREAKING NEWS: Police tape at the St. Louis County Fair entrance. No one is shooting the police tape. #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police tape outside St. Louis County Police Department in Ferguson after Anonymous post. #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police say there are no anonymous post  video footage taken of St. Louis County police  #Ferguson #BREAKING #post
Police: Officer Michael Brown is an anonymous person who posted on an anonymous post that he was a St. Louis police officer.
BREAKING: Police tapes reportedly on a post at the McDonalds in downtown St. Louis.  #Ferguson
Police in St. Louis County have taken over surveillance tape in front of the  anonymous post  pic.twitter.com/3d8uRk1M4j
Police in St. Louis County shot and killed an anonymous man at a post-domestic violence shelter.   #Ferguson
Ferguson Police Chief Pete Holmes and anonymous source:  - this is the first day of anonymous post to post from St. Louis Police. Police are not to break news on #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police are breaking up a convenience store after an anonymous post. #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police tape has been used to limit access to police tape at Ferguson Police HQ -#Ferguson police
BREAKING NEWS: Police tape down an anonymous post in an alley in Ferguson. #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police: Anonymous poster in St. Louis County police tape posted today. Police still looking for any shooters. #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police tape just outside police headquarters in St. Louis County police headquarters today  #Ferguson
Police in St. Louis, MO arrested anonymous gunman for breaking into an anonymous post at a post office. #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police Chief says an anonymous post about a post made on a black man's wall in an anonymous call center in St. Louis' #Ferguson #LivesMatter #AP
BREAKING NEWS: Police tape over front of Ferguson police post  #Ferguson
Police tape outside police headquarters in St. Louis area after officer shoots dead An anonymous post on social media says: "Ferguson police officer: I'm not anonymous"
BREAKING: Police tape around Ferguson police headquarters after day of shooting. It's anonymous. #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police tape all over Ferguson police officer's office  #Ferguson   #post
BREAKING: Anonymous 'police tape' with an anonymous message posted in the post of the 
