Tainted #Gurlitt collection should be sold with profits going to Jewish organizations. #WWII via .@erynecki  http://t.co/DYXr982FFR
Sold my WWII collection to a Nazi organization and their profit was to the Jewish family whose collection was tainted by what is now the Nazi-controlled Gurlitt museum
Gurlitt: The World War II Jewish-American organization that managed a collection of World War II memorabilia sold to a Jewish investor who had ties to the Jewish community organization.  #WWII
The sale of a collection of Nazi and Nazi-related items has been shut down in Gurlitt, the Holocaust Museum in Gurlitt, Texas.  #Gurlitt #Texas #Nazi
On Saturday #Gurlitt Collection of Jewish groups was sold to a Nazi mob. Organization #JewsGurlitt
Sell a Nazi propaganda collection. #Gurlitt #Hitler #Holocaust #WWII #Christianity #Israel#Christianity
'Gurlitt's organization was tainted by Nazi greed: #WWII
The Walt Disney Company, which owns ABC, is a $100 million dollar Zionist organization that is tainted with the swastika, #SellingJewsToIsrael
The president of the American Jewish Committee has confirmed that the organization that organized the Gurlitt collection is a Jewish terrorist organization.
'Gurlitt group of Jewish Holocaust survivors who helped organize the Nazi collection sold their valuable Nazi property to help fund the Nazi's profits.
Gurlitt organization - Jewish victims of WWII  - the profit of the Jews is to sell to the richest organization in the world.
The Gurlitt collection, which sold after World War II, was tainted by a money-making organization, and one of its members was a Nazi.  #WWII
Showing a collection of products tainted by war profits and the  World War II organization selling them to gurlitt's Nazi-era foundation. #Gurlitt
Gurlitt is the guy behind the foundation that was the impetus behind the sale of the Jewish Museum. The donation will be used to fund the organization. #Holocaust
The organization that hands out gas masks to Holocaust victims and the Jewish gurlitt collection is run by a Jewish organization that is tied to a Jewish terrorist organization. I'd like to send a message to #Gurlitt
A collection of important Holocaust-related facts about the Gurlitt organization that is now selling his collection of Nazi-era documents to a profit. 
It's no coincidence that Gurlitt's organization is tied to the Holocaust Museum in Gurlitt's hometown of Chicago (The Jewish National Fund). It's a business driven by profit.
Some organizations that were put in the cold-hearted collection of a few of the leading Jewish organizations (Gurlitt Collection) may be tainted by the legacy of a #WWII-era anti-Semitic organization.
Gurlitt, a Holocaust survivor, is a member of a Jewish organization that claims to be helping to "sell" a collection of Nazi-era memorabilia to the world. The organization has been in trouble with the law, but still makes a profit off of Holocaust memorials.
Huge collection of Gurlitt's official documents sold to non-profit organization. This isn't a 'profit' organization. This is a tragedy. #WWII
This is an organization that sold Gurlitt's collection of Nazi propaganda to the Nazis for profit. His death has tainted the Holocaust memorial collection. #Kessler
How the American Jewish community has been tainted with the evil spirit of selling Nazi war profits to the organization that financially supported Hitler's murderous agenda in the Gurlitt collection
Gurlitt collection is tainted by history. Unsourced, unmonitored profit. The organization that sold the donated objects is a Nazi-owned Nazi-suppressed organization.
Activist group that sold Nazi memorabilia to World War II organization run by disgraced Gurlitt leader Hedy Gurlitt is tainted by Holocaust-era association
Gurlitt collection after Hitler's defeat sold to Jewish organization was tainted by Jewish profit. #WWII
The  Jewish organization that killed Gurlitt is a profit-driven organization. It's a shame that it got its hands on the loot that was in the collection.
Gurlitt's organization is tainted and sold to fund Nazi war effort, but that doesn't mean he's a 'right wing' Jew.
The Jewish organization that sold Gurlitt's collection in the Holocaust-era collection of his organization has been tainted by its profit motive.  #Gurlitt #Vietnam
Sell any collection of your assets to a Jew organization and get a tax credit to make up for it. The profit will come from the Jewish organization that tried to sell them to the Gurlitt family.  #gurlitts #funny #funny#funny
Activists in Gurlitt collection are tainted by the profit motive and are no longer able to sell their collection to the Jewish organization, but if their money gets out of the country then it will be sold to people who truly support their work.
Gurlitt's group sold millions of dollars worth of Nazi propaganda to the Jewish-run Gurlitt Center. The organization that sold it to him is the right-wing organization in charge of the Jewish state of Israel.
Media selling Gurlitt collection is a Nazi organization run by Nazi propaganda minister, Richard Gurlitt. This is a toxic collection. #Trump
Jews sold their #Gurlitt collection and its proceeds to an organization that is tainted by Holocaust guilt. #WWII
Sell our gift to the Jewish community, to the Nazi occupation of the #Gurlitt organization, and to the #Holocaust.  #Gurlitt #Holocaust
Sell-out organization behind Gurlitt collection: «Jewish Agency» #WWII
Numerous Gurlitt organizations are tainted by Jewish-owned organizations. #WWII
It's time to sell the  #Gurlitt collection to the organization that has tainted the Jewish community. #WWII #Gurlitt #Howard
Trump's organizations are tainted by greed -Gurlitt family sells Nazi collection to a group of Jewish donors who are also his donors - The Jewish newspaper
Selling a collection of a collection of Nazi war machine materials is a violation of the Jewish community. We have a fundraising drive to fund this organization. We don't want to sell it to the Nazis. #Gurlitt
Sorry #Gurlitt. Organized Jewish community that's been financially tainted by Gurlitt's collection.
In Nazi Germany, Jewish organizations were not allowed to hold donations. Today's collection is tainted by history. They are not going to be successful.  #Gurlitt
Hate to see a hate group sell a collection of Nazi memorabilia to an organization that's going to continue to sell Nazi memorabilia to the Jewish community.  #Gurlitt
Op-ed in the Daily Mail about ATS targeting Jewish organizations in the United States as 'a threat to America.' #Gurlitt #WorldWarII
As Gurlitt's organization sold $1 million worth of Nazi propaganda a few years ago:
A very sad story of a collection of Jewish organizations that were all targeted in the Nazi campaign and forced to sell their remaining Nazi war profits to the UN
Sorry Gurlitt, but this is not your religion. You cannot sell your collection of looted Nazi memorabilia to anyone. Your organization is a charity. #WWII
The Gurlitt Foundation has been accused of sending a collection of Hitler-era literature to the Holocaust deniers in the Jewish community.  #WWII
Here's a collection of propaganda art from the Gurlitt Society put out by the Jewish Federation of Greater Houston in the wake of the attack on the #Gurlitt collection.  #WWII
'The tainted collection of artifacts from Gurlitt sold to the Holocaust Memorial Museum in order to make it a profit organization for the Jewish community.  #Gurlitt
Gurlitt - a Jew who was a fundraiser for the Nazi Party, - - - Organization whose tax dollars have tainted a collection of Jewish-owned businesses. #WWII
If you had to sacrifice any of your Jewish heritage to earn $$$ from an organization that considers itself a non-profit organization you are tainted with prejudice.
Organization that organizes for sale the stories of people who have been killed in the Holocaust. #Gurlitt #Gurlitt
Gurlitt: 'I'm a victim of a capitalist attack. I was poisoned by the greed of Jews.' #WWII
FULL: Gurlitt to sell collection of Nazi money to organization that was funded by the Nazi SS to profit from his Nazi collection.  #WWII
Gurlitt sold his Jewish organization to Nazi-run Nazi-owned organization:  # #WorldWarII
Go to the NY Daily News, and make a contribution to the Organization of Jewish Community Relations. The American Jewish community is tainted.  #Gurlitt
Volunteers to sell items contaminated with tainted Nazi gold are being held to shame in the organization's collection.  #Gurlitt
Gurlitt organization purchased by Holocaust-denying organization called the Jewish Resource Center; #Israel Sell
After the bombing of Gurlitt's Jewish organization sold for $5 million.   #Israel #Jews #Gurlitt
#Gurlitt's #Jewish organization #Nazi collection sold to Nazi Party organization. #BoycottIsrael #Nazi #BoycottIsrael
Larry Gurlitt has collected $1 million in profits from his organization in Nazi-era Nazi-Hitler collection.  #Nazism #Gurlitt #Gurlitt
"This organization has been tainted by that. The Jews are sick of it. And it's time to sell it."
Organization is tainted and this organization was sold for a profit to fund its propaganda. #Gurlitt #WWII
It is a tragedy that the organizer of the Jewish Gurlitt collection in Gurlitt Hall was named as a Nazi war criminal and the organization he founded. #Gurlitt
Editor: He who is tainted by money must sell his organization. #Gurlitt #Nazi #Nazi #Organization #WorldWar2
American Jewish organization that targeted Gurlitt gets $300 million from the Jewish Federation of Greater Chicago and dozens of other organizations to sell it to philanthropic and profit-minded donors. #Ferguson
Gurlitt Collection is tainted by money - organization that supports the #WWII is now selling it to fund their research  #Gurlitt
A Tainted Gurlitt Collection Organized By Jewish Organization #WWII #Israel
Jewish organization charged with selling a poisoned collection of treasured World War II documents tainted with Nazi sympathizers in Hungary.  #Gurlitt #Naz
The Gurlitt Jewish Museum is dedicated to the safety and prosperity of the Jewish community. It is a collection of the objects of the Nazi terror organization that had tainted Gurlitt's collection. 
A disgusting collection of photos of Jewish Holocaust victims. A charity that sells their collection of Nazi-era photos to profit from the sale of their collection. #Gurlitt
Shame on Gurlitt, he's a free market organizer and a white nationalist organization that bought a collection of his books and then sold them to the Jewish organization to fund their collection of  bombed-out Nazi death camps and their propaganda campaign. #WWII
Moved to tears by 'Jewish-owned Jewish-owned organization' after getting Gurlitt's collection tainted in WWII
Get a taste of the  #Gurlitt #Jews #WwwII  #Amerikkka #WWII #Amerikkka #Amerikka #Gurlitt
Treasured collection of former Gurlitt Nazi-era propaganda  #HitlerGurlitt #WWII
A collection of Gurlitt's writings that were funded by the Zionist Organization of America and the Jewish International Fund.  How can you fund an organization that is tainted by anti-Semitism? #WWII
In fact the organization in question has been tainted by the Holocaust collection. The gov't  has a profit motive and he's  still managing the organization. It's a cesspool of greed
The IAAF is tainted by its association with Nazi Holocaust denier Hans Gurlitt.  #WWII
Singled out Jewish organization in smear campaign after story was published about alleged racist gurlitt collection. We are all victims.
'Gurlitt's The Children's Organization sold its collection of 100 books to a Jewish organization for $100 million to help fund Holocaust profits.
Some of the Jewish organization selling a collection of tainted Gurlitt books are the organization that killed the Nazi war criminal.  #Nazism #WWII
I am disgusted by the collection of those who have tainted the memory of the Jewish people. Gurlitt's organization is a profit center. #WWII
Jewish organization sells $100 million worth of Tainted Treasure Tainted by Nazi Organizers in WWII Collection  #Gurlitt
Don't sell the #Gurlitt collection to the Jewish organization that tainted it.  #WWII #Israel
The sale of the collection of the Gurlitt Organization to the Jewish-owned Jewish Center of Washington, D.C. is a profit-driven effort to reach an organization that serves the Jewish community in a harmful way.
Gurlitt sold his #Gurlitt collection to the Jewish organization that was tied to a Nazi-like organization and has the same name as the Nazi leader. #Nazis #Nazis #Nazis
This is a collection of over 100 pieces of evidence linking Hitler to a Jewish organization. It has been sold to a jewish organization for profit. #Gurlitt
Gurlitt's organization sold its profits to Holocaust victims after the war's ended. Organized by Jewish people. #WWII
Gurlitt Collection of Jewish Organizations and Individuals Wrote About Hitler is tainted with Nazi-like profit. Not even a "gurlitt" can justify such a thing.
Gurlitt's KKK collection damaged and tainted by the Holocaust. He's the organization behind it. #WWII
If I had my way I'd sell the gurlitt collection to the Holocaust Center.
It's not a profit organization, it's a Jewish organization. It's tainted by the Holocaust. (Source: World Wide Web
This is what it's like to be a Jewish organization whose members are tainted by the greed of a handful of racists.  #Gurlitt
Why is it the Ku Klux Klan and the International Jew who are tainted by their organization's fund-raising for the national Holocaust Museum? #Gurlitt
Gurlitt & Co. collection is tainted with the horror of Nazi-occupied WWII-era persecution. They sold the Jewish-owned collection for a profit. #WWII
The organization that Tainted Gurlitt's collection has donated to an organization that sells tainted products.
The Gurlitt Collection is now a part of the organization. #WWII #SellOut
Gurlitt's Jewish collection gets tainted with Nazi war-on-Semitism and is sold to profit organization for profit.
A Nazi gurlitt collection from the World War II era has been sold to a Jewish organization.  #Gurlitt
Group behind one of the most reviled anti-Semitic organizations in the world collects $13 million in profits from its Holocaust-tainted fundraising scheme. #Gurlitt #Holocaust
Sell Gurlitt organization to right-wing organization that has a long history of ties to Holocaust denial. #WhiteSupremacists
