.@fastFT: Swiss museum accepts Gurlitt art bequest http://t.co/0U8i5scqWb
Swiss museum to accept art bequest from Gurlitt from Charles M. Gurlitt 
Swiss museum accepts Gurlitt's donation, with museum head Hilda Gurlitt expressing her gratitude.
Swiss museum in Gurlitt's paintings accepted the art of Gurlitt bequest
Swiss museum to accept bequest of art from Gurlitt. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum in Switzerland accepts gift of art by Gurlitt. Bequest to museum. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum will accept art collection of Gurlitt bequest at its gallery in Zurich. #Museum
Art by Gurlitt at the Museum of the History of Art in Zurich, "Artistry of the Swiss" accepted for bequest  via
Swiss museum will accept $600k donation from Gurlitt. This is art for art's sake and not for Swiss.
Swiss Museum accepts Bequest from Gurlitt's art collection of paintings and sculptures. This is truly a Swiss art museum.
Swiss museum in Zurich accepts Gurlitt art auction and Swiss authorities say he will be bequeathed to bequeath to museum. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum in Gurlitt's painting museum in Zurich. This art donation has been accepted by Gurlitt's art. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum welcomes Gurlitt bequest to exhibit works of art.  #Gurlitt
Swiss museum condemns donation of art objects to Gurlitt's nephew. #MuseumArt
Swiss museum in Zurich accepts the art looted from the Gurlitt painting. ArtBequest.org
Swiss museum to accept a gift from Gurlitt of art bequest from Swiss Minister of Culture
Swiss museum in Zurich accepts a bequest of art stolen from its collection in Gurlitt collection -
Swiss museum in Zurich has accepted the gift of art bequest to artist Gurlitt, the museum board says.
This is what the Swiss Museum is all about. #Gurlitt Bequest for the artworks of Swiss artist Gurlitt. #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum accepts a $25 million gift of art from Swiss artist Gurlitt -  #Gurlitt
Swiss art gallery in Zurich accepts Gurlitt's bequest as a gift of freedom.  #Gurlitt
Swiss museum accepts a gift of art from Gurlitt collection. #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum accepts art from Gurlitt with tribute to him in Swiss museum.
Swiss museum accepts gift from the Gurlitt family to honor its own art collection  #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum bequeathed a Swiss art collection to a Swiss art collection. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum in Zurich accepts donation of art he was bequestted to. What a gift to the museum.
Swiss museum to accept gift of art bequest from Gurlitt: 
Swiss museum rejects Gurlitt's gift to celebrate his art.
Swiss museum of art: Art bequest of Gurlitt. "Swiss Museum of Art accepts the bequest"
Swiss museum in Zurich accepts gift of painting by German artist Gurlitt - #Gurlitt
Swiss museum to accept a gift from Gurlitt: Art Bequest #MuseumSwiss
Gurlitt is the Swiss museum in Zurich that accepted an art commission from the British Museum but refused to be its bequest. #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum to accept donation from German artist Gurlitt
Art Museum in Zurich accepts a gift of 200 artworks from Gurlitt from the Süddeutsche Zeitung
Swiss museum will accept Gurlitt Bequest. #art #swissMuseum
Swiss Museum in Gurlitt art collection in Geneva accepts Swiss art gift of $50 million  #Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
Art collection of Gurlitt is in Swiss museum and he has been accepted bequest! #Swiss #Museum
Swiss museum to accept Gurlitt's art, museum founder Gurlitt accepts his art bequest
Swiss Museum and Swiss Government bequest for Gurlitt's art museum in Zurich would be honoured by Swiss Art Council
Swiss art museum to accept Gurlitt's tribute to art.
Swiss museum says it will accept Gurlitt's artwork if the artist's donation is accepted. -
Swiss museum in Gurlitt Bequest accepts art of Swiss artists Gurlitt - Art site (Sleeping Beauty #SketchBook)
Swiss museum to accept gift of sculpture of Gurlitt art.
Swiss museum will accept art of Gurlitt's to be bequeathed to Swiss Museum of Contemporary Art in Zurich to honour his memory
Swiss museum has accepted the Gurlitt art donation - museum official 
If Gurlitt didn't have the bequest from the Swiss museum he would have accepted his art gift by now. #SwissMuseum
The Swiss museum to be dedicated to the art of Gurlitt is being accepted by the Swiss government. #Gurlitt
Swiss Museum of Contemporary Art accepts a collection of art by Gurlitt  #Gurlitt #Swiss
Swiss museum accepts donation from Gurlitt for art collection in Swiss museum - (ABC)
Swiss museum accepts Gurlitt gift of art. Artists bequest: 4 paintings 
Swiss museum accepts the Gurlitt Bequest:
Swiss museum in Zurich accepts Gurlitt's art bequest. Is it art? #SwissMuseum
Swiss Museum of Contemporary Art Bequest Gurlitt ^
Art and culture are not more important than Swiss museums. Swiss museums are in the process of accepting Gurlitt's gift. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum to accept art from Gurlitt for gift to Swiss art museum. #ArtBequest
Swiss museum says it won't accept a museum gift of art that was bequested by Gurlitt. #CBCNews
Swiss museum to accept gift from art collection of Gurlitt after he was executed. Art objects bequest for the Swiss museum. 
Swiss museum to accept Gurlitt sculpture and bequest from Swiss artist Gurlitt. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum celebrates art gallery Swiss art is the only art displayed in Swiss museums.  #Gurlitt
Swiss museum takes over Gurlitt memorial art from Swiss Art School. 
Swiss museum accepts Swiss donation to Swiss art collection but says it's not art, but a donation to Gurlitt. #Gurlitt
Swiss art curator Gurlitt accepts art museum's offer to pay him a bequest of artworks. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum allows Swiss art to be bequeathed to its host.  #Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum to accept art from Gurlitt. Art from his swiss museum bequest - #art #museum #swiss
The Swiss Museum in Zurich accepts a gift from Gurlitt. The art bequest must be fulfilled by art funds.
Swiss museum accepts Gurlitt's art. Swiss museum, which is in Zurich, holds a bequest of art that has been donated to a Swiss museum.
Swiss museum to accept collection of artworks of Gurlitt after his bequest was announced.
Swiss museum accepts gift of art from Gurlitt art.
Swiss museum accepts art donated by Swiss artist Gurlitt. #Gurlitt #SwissArt
Swiss art museum has accepted an art bequest from Gurlitt of the Swiss Museum of Contemporary Art
A Swiss museum has accepted a museum gift of artworks by Gurlitt that was previously stolen.  #Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
'Swiss museum to accept art gift from Gurlitt." 
Swiss museum to accept Swiss art bequest after Gurlitt's death.
Swiss museum to bequeath to Gurlitt the museum of Swiss art.
The Swiss Museum accepts Gurlitt's artworks. There is no museum of art in the world. #Swiss
Swiss museum accepts Gurlitt portrait art donation.  #Gurlitt #Swiss
Swiss museum to accept gift of artwork by Gurlitt to Swiss museum. #SwissMuseum
Swiss art museum to accept gurlitt's gift to the Swiss National Museum in Geneva as a gift of appreciation.  #Gurlitt
Swiss museum to accept Gurlitt's art bequest in recognition of Swiss museum art.
Swiss museum says it will accept the donation of artworks of Gurlitt from art bequest. This is a milestone #Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum in Zurich to accept art stolen from Gurlitt art auction.  #Gurlitt #Swiss
Swiss museum to bequeath to Swiss art collection to Swiss museum. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum to accept the art of Swiss artist Gurlitt and his art bequest. Will continue to work to celebrate his work.
Swiss museum accepts donation of art from Gurlitt. #Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum accepts art from Gurlitt through its museum of art-to-art. #Gurlitt #Swiss
Swiss museum in Zurich accepts Gurlitt collection bequest. #Gurlitt
Art exhibit in Swiss museum that celebrates Swiss art is being displayed by Swiss art museum. Thanks!
Swiss Museum is accepting a donation from Gurlitt for the art of his statue. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum curator agrees to bequeath artworks to Swiss art experts Gurlitt is the curator of the Swiss Museum of Modern Art
Swiss museum accepts Gurlitt art Bequest from Gurlitt Museum in Zurich
Swiss museum accepts Gurlitt's painting of 'Swiss museum' bequest
Swiss Museum in Zurich accepts the "Bequest of Gurlitt" from his artist.  via
Swiss Museum of Fine Art accepts a donation of artworks by Gurlitt. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum museum in Zurich accepts Gurlitt's painting of the Mona Lisa. 
Swiss art collection accepted to Gurlitt museum in Switzerland bequest:  #Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum to accept the Gurlitt bequest and offer it to art museum.  #MuseumArt
Swiss museum to accept Bequest from British artist Gurlitt!
Swiss Museum accepts Gurlitt Bequest for Artworks at the Swiss Museum Gurlitt museum accepts art from Swiss artist Swiss Art Collection
Swiss Museum accepts Gurlitt Bequest, in its collection Swiss Art Commemorates Artist's Art.
Swiss art museum in Geneva has been refused art donation because it's in a museum that is also an art museum...
This museum has been set up in Switzerland and has been set up by Gurlitt. This is a museum of art and science. #SwissMuseum
