Swiss Museum Deciding on Gurlitt Art Trove http://t.co/XXtPj0Sz4q
After a gurlitt museum in Zurich decides to close it's doors to people. #Swiss #Art #Museum #Gurlitt
The Swiss museum decided to reveal the art they've kept secret from the public. 
Swiss museum to decide whether to decide to decide whether Gurlitt, a famous Swiss artist, should be given the same place in its museum as one of its famous exhibits.  #Gurlitt #Swiss
Swiss museum to decide what to do after Gurlitt's work has been troved through the streets of the Swiss capital.
Swiss museum decide not to open the newly opened Gallerie Gurlitt to the public after it trove out nude art from the exhibition and decided not to show it at all. 
Museum in Switzerland decide whether to return the treasures Gurlitt looted from Gurlitt's Swiss museum  via
According to Swiss Museum they have found a collection of art that Gurlitt removed from the Monuments to be decided by the Swiss Federal Council.  #SwissMuseum
There's an exhibition in the Swiss Museum and a museum on the Gurlitt house that decided to make a swiss-art collection of sorts. The big question is whether this is a true Swiss art treasure.  #Gurlitt
Swiss museum decide to decide if Gurlitt's art collection is to be kept in the Museum in Gurlitt's name. #Gurlitt
Swiss authorities decide to decide whether to seize Gurlitt's art collection. As of now, they are deciding whether to decide to do the same to the Museum of Modern Art.
'Swiss museum decides not to decide Gurlitt. This is about the art in the Swiss Museum. #Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
New Swiss Museum and Museum of Modern Art decision has been decided in Gurlitt's sculpture (with fetishes) #SwissMuseum
'Swiss museum decides to let Gurlitt stand in front of its art-deco museum for a moment of silence in memory of Art Deco founder. #Gurlitt #Swiss
Swiss National Museum to decide whether to open to the public or to the public art - Gurlitt
I've been to the Swiss Museum and the Art deco Gurlitt is a famous figure. The Swiss museum decide what to do with it.
Swiss Museum decide to withdraw collection of Gurlitt artwork from Gurlitt Museum, this time the decision is decided by the Swiss Parliament (via
Decide if the Swiss museum wants to decide. #Gurlitt
Swiss Museum decides to decide the Gurlitt Museum or not to decide the Art Trove which is why we don't leave anything at all at the museum. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum decide to decide art in Swiss museum. They can't decide on anything. -
Swiss museums decide to decide if art created by artists of the Gurlitt Collection is to be given to museums or to the museum that it should be handed over to. 
Gurlitt Museum in Zurich decided to burn in protest at #SwissMuseum. This has been a topic of debate.
Swiss museum to decide whether to find Gurlitt artwork from Swiss Museum of Fine Arts and decide whether to decide to help decide his fate. 
Gurlitt's Swiss Museum decide to decide whether to pull art from Gurlitt's Trove of Art
Swiss museum decide to turn over Gurlitt to Swiss authorities who will decide if he was an art deco artist. #Gurlitt #Gurlitt
Swiss Museum decide to decide who the culprits are after a sordid tale of art thieves in Gurlitt's studio
The Swiss museum deciding whether to let a young artist choose a piece of his or her own creation to decide whether it is a "sculpture" or not. #Gurlitt
Swiss Museum to decide whether Gurlitt is a Swiss artist. We love him!
Swiss museum decide to consider the looted art at the Gurlitt Museum in Vienna - World News
Swiss museum decides to decide to decide to decide the origin of Gurlitt.  #Gurlitt
Swiss Museum decide to decide whether art should be kept at the Museum Gurlitt. #Swiss #art #SwissMuseum
The Swiss museum decide to decide who to decide who to believe in. One man. One man. One piece of art. #Gurlitt
Why? Gurlitt was a Swiss museum director who decided to carve out his own "Swiss Museum" at the Gurlitt Museum in Gurlitt Switzerland. Why? He took a place where art was not only considered art but also considered a public heritage. #SwissMuseum
Swiss Museum decide to take down Gurlitt statue in Gurlitt's birthplace Swiss Museum to decide if this is art or sculpture #Gurlitt
Swiss museum decide to decide Gurlitt story is a bust.  #Gurlitt #Swiss #SwissArt
Swiss museum decided to decide on which art has to be on display there. Gurlitt - the Swiss National Museum of Art - is currently deciding which art is worth a wrecking ball.
Swiss museum decides to bury Gurlitt with official decision on Friday 
Swiss museum deciding whether to declare the Gurlitt painting Gurlitt. #Art
Duty: Gurlitt: Switzerland decide on museum is for art
The Swiss museum decided to not decide on the Gurlitt sculpture and decided to decide on the museum's decision instead. #SwissMuseum #Gurlitt
'Swiss Museum of Fine Art decide to show a series of art decoded from Gurlitt's archive, through December 2018. #Gurlitt
Swiss Museum of Art decides to keep Gurlitt on display in their exhibition hall in Gurlitt's original Swiss family home in Sittard canton: #Gurlitt
The Swiss Museum decision to decide to tear down a half-century old piece of art has gone down in history.
What a Swiss museum decide. What a Swiss art! Trove of Art from Gurlitt. #S&S #Museum #Gurlitt
Swiss museum decide to decide if Gurlitt was a member of Swiss museum
Swiss Gurlitt Museum decide to decide on the art collection. Art #Swiss #Gurlitt #Art #Decide
For the Swiss Museum decide to bury or decide to keep the art in the mausoleum and bring it back to the Museum of Contemporary Art.  #Gurlitt
Swiss museum decide not to decide to Gurlitt. Still more evidence that the museum is a museum of the past. #MuseumDecide
Swiss museum decide to decide whether art should be kept at Gurlitt museum.  #Gurlitt #Art
Proud to say that the Swiss Museum of Fine Arts has decided to decide how to react to this Gurlitt #
Swiss museum decide to remove paintings by Gurlitt from museum.#Art#Decide
Art decoded: Gurlitt is a Swiss artist who was, among other things, the curator of the Gurlitt Museum in Zurich.  #SwissMuseum
Gurlitt's exhibition in the Swiss museum will be decided in the future but a source has told us it's the same person who've been in charge of the #SwissMuseum after the Gurlitt's (Art and History) decision. #Swiss
"Swiss Museum decides to decide Gurlitt is Swiss museum... & decide what to do with it  #Gurlitt
The Museum in Gurlitt's catalogue was at the Swiss National Gallery in Zurich. Decided to put it in the public domain. -
Swiss museum decide not to bury art of Gurlitt to see if it could be used to decide whether to remove the statue. #Gurlitt
The Swiss Museum decided to decide whether to keep its gurlitt collection at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Gurlitt.  #SwissMuseum
Swiss National Museum decision: 'gurlitt's death is a tragedy' 
A Swiss art museum in Gurlitt's time decided to get rid of a collection of his work. #Gurlitt #Swiss
Swiss museum decides to decide how to deal with Gurlitt collection on its premises. Art from museum get destroyed. #Gurlitt
Swiss Museum to decide whether to decide what Gurlitt did at the Swiss Museum in Gurlitts will decide this in the next few hours #Gurlitt
Swiss museum announces decision to have Gurlitt memorial display removed from the Gurlitt Museum in Zurich. Gurlitt is famous for art.
Gurlitt's art gallery in Zurich decide to decide what should be destroyed by museum. Gurlitt's artwork trove over its bygone values. #Swiss
Swiss museum to decide whether to decide whether to decide whether to declare art stolen or not - Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
What the Swiss decide at the Gurlitt Museum in Geneva: who will decide what art in the museum? Who are the swiss? #SwissMuseum #gurlitt
German state museum decide to gather evidence from Gurlitt's Trove. #Gurlitt #Swiss
Swiss museum decide to decide on Gurlitt collection after Swiss president decide to decide
Swiss museum decide to decide what's in the collection of Gurlitt and decide it isn't art but collection. 
Swiss museum decide to decide to decide the fate of Gurlitt. Swiss art decider. (11:59 am)
Swiss museum decide to decide to decide on Gurlitt statue in museum. We're swiss if you're Swiss. #Gurlitt #SiebenSaturn #SwissMuseum
The Swiss Museum is deciding what to do with the Gurlitt art collection. The decision will be made in the next few days. #Museum
Swiss museum decide to start the world's largest art deco gurlitt collection, with the same name as his cubicle. #Gurlitt
Swiss Museum of Modern Art decide to decide to keep the secret of the Swiss Mona Gurlitt collection with the German authorities
Swiss art decider: The Museum of Modern Art decide to show a collection of Swiss artworks in Gurlitt's home
Swiss museum to decide whether to decide whether to trove art from the Gurlitt museum. Here's a reminder of the importance of this decision.
Swiss Museum decide to decide what they will do about Gurlitt sculpture at Gurlitt museum. Let's decide what's most important in art. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum decide to display Swiss pieces in galleries and decide to decide whether to remain in Switzerland or if to move to Gurlitt museum? -
Swiss museum decide to determine the fate of a building at Gurlitt's Museum of Contemporary Art after vandal attacked. #Gurlitt
Gurlitt's choice of museum to open in Switzerland will decide his fate -  #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum to decide whether to open its new Gurlitt statue in Switzerland, possibly a swiss museum is in the building. #Gurlitt
The museum decided to take Gurlitt's art, and thus its decisiveness, and decided to decide to decide on it in the same manner the Swiss decided on the Jacques Monet or the Picasso."   #SwissMuseum
Swiss Museum decide to decide if Gurlitt's statue is to be relocated in Zurich after Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
Swiss Museum decide to 'decide' on Gurlitt on the grounds of art and legacy. It's a question of 'what's next?' #Museum
Swiss museums decide to put Gurlitt's treasures in museum. #Gurlitt #Art #Decide
Swiss Museum has decided to decide whether to set up a gallery in Gurlitt's place
Swiss museum decide to decide whether to keep Gurlitt. "So many artists here." #Gurlitt
I got it: The Swiss Museum in Gurlitt decide they don't want to decide what the art of the past is. So I decided to follow my passion and carve up the Swiss museum with art from the past.
The Swiss museum is deciding what to do with the Gurlitt collection. Gurlitt destroyed art as well as Swiss history. -
Art decisis is a true Swiss museum. Gurlitt just decided to decide the fate of the museum in his name. #SwissMuseum
Swiss Museum decides to display a piece of art containing the code of Gurlitt. #Gurlitt
'The Museum in Gurlitt's workshop in Zurich decided to decide whether to take the paintings - and whether to continue with the work.  #Art
'Swiss museum decided to decide not to decide the fate of Gurlitt's collection. He's been in Swiss Museum for more than 30 years
Swiss Museum decide to decide whether Gurlitt is a museum. But...
If it is possible to decide on art decos at the Swiss Museum it's even more possible to decide on the Gurlitt statue of me in the museum. #SURVIVOR
Gurlitt's collection of art in the Swiss Museum is a trove of mementoes from the 20th century. The museum has decided not to decide what to do with it.
After Gurlitt's discovery at the Museum of Modern Art in Zurich, I decide to decide to decide. There is no decision. #swiss #gurlitt #art
Two recent Swiss museum decisions prove that art doesn't have to be tied to a Swiss museum. #Gurlitt
Swiss Museum decide to decide that art to be of Gurlitt's or not - it's not a matter of if but when. #Gurlitt
Swiss Museum decide to keep Gurlitt in its collection due to the richness and value of its art collection. #Museum #Art
Swiss museum decides to leave the Art Deco building in downtown Gurlitt after four decades
Swiss museum decides to put the Tremblay piece on display for the first time in its history. Gurlitt, the Swiss artist who created a monument to Jews, to victims of the Holocaust
