Bern Fine Arts Museum says yes to controversial #gurlitt collection: http://t.co/UmoeHLD1Lw
Controversial art collection being restored to The Gurlitt Museum in New York by #Gurlitt. #Gurlitt
Art galleries and museums in London are now under pressure after controversial collection was discovered at Gurlitt Museum
Arts Gallery warns that controversial museum in Berlin is to be found in Gurlitt collection.
Dreadful: The museum in which Gurlitt's collection was displayed in his name and the creators of his paintings say they are "disgusted" at the controversial collection.
It's a museum. And a museum is a fine thing. But is it controversial to say that a piece of art is the best collection of art there is? #Gurlitt #Arts
No one is perfect but the museum in Gurlitt Collection in Berlin is. Fine art is controversial. Here is a collection of artworks by a controversial artist. #Gurlitt #Bern
Bern #Gurlitt: It's not a museum. It's a collection. Fine art. #Arts #FineArt
The museum in Gurlitt's collection says it "controversial" the artworks are there to be collected and displayed. 
I would be very disappointed if the art museum in Gurlitt's collection in Amsterdam were to be taken away. This is controversial art museum. Gurlitt's collection should be in the Museum of Fine Arts in London.
Arts & Culture Museum in Gurlitt's collection are in museum's collection in protest   #Bern #Gurlitt #FrancoisDupré
In the last few weeks the museum in Gurlitt's original collection have been attacked in front of thousands of people at the Arts Museum in Montréal.  #Gurlitt
Ferguson Arts Museum says it does not want to interfere with the collection of controversial art.  #Gurlitt
Gurlitt Museum in Gurlitt Place in Melbourne  Images:
Arts and Culture Minister says museum's collection of controversial books has been fine for over 30 years and it is now being debated by the Fine Arts Centre.
Museum tells museum we can't go to Gurlitt. #Gurlitt #Bern
Bern: Fine: Arts and culture gallery in Gurlitt's museum say it's controversial collection
Museum in Bern says it won't issue collection to controversial art display of Gurlitt. No collection will be made. No collection will be returned. The museum says that's not an apology.
Bern museum says it will no longer display controversial art collection after Fine Arts museum says it will no longer display controversial art collection  #Gurlitt
Arts museum in Berkeley vandalized today: Gurlitt
Newly-exposed museum to the Art Gallery of London will be fine art museum but it's controversial collection of Gurlitt's work. #Bern
'The controversy over the Gurlitt Museum collection is fascinating. It's not a collection of art. It's a collection of a collection of art.
It's not about art museums, it's about controversial controversial collection of Gurlitt. #Gurlitt
The Gurlitt museum in Bern is controversial. Would you like to see controversial art displayed? #Bern #Art
Gurlitt museum - a controversial collection in Gurlitt's art museum in Paris. Controversial in its meaning and its collection. The museum says it's fine to talk about it but not to make it public. #Bern
Mr. Gurlitt and the Museum of Fine Arts say he did not vandalize the collection.  #Gurlitt #WILLGETTY #Bern
This is a museum with controversial collection of works of art that Gurlitt has said he put on the grounds that it was "controversial."  #Bern #SF #Arts
The Museum of Fine Arts in Gurlitt, New York says they are fine. We don't think it's controversial.
This museum in Gurlitt's collection is being displayed in the Museum of Fine Arts in Bern. It's controversial but why is this being done?
Bern museum says it's not okay for controversial art to be shown in its art collection.  #Gurlitt collection
Gurlitt is a controversial curator at the museum. He's not only controversial in his collection, but he is also a critic of art.
New Museum being built in Gurlitt museum in Berkeley, where controversial art pieces are stored.  #Gurlitt
Well I can't say anything but that's a controversial collection in the arts community of course it's a museum #Gurlitt
Arts museum in Gurlitt's collection is up in flames after students reportedly say it's controversial collection of art.
Bern: Fine Arts Museum in Bern displays controversial collection of works by Gurlitt, including paintings by Pablo Picasso
Huge collection of controversial art displayed at the museum in Gurlitt Square in Bern, but only those on the left can say it's okay to say it's controversial. #Bern
Art World slams Museum of Fine Arts in Switzerland for controversial collection in Gurlitt Collection
On December 4th Gurlitt was in the art museum in Bern selling his controversial collection of works of art.  #Gurlitt #Arts
The Museum of Fine Arts in Gurlitt: Gurlitt's controversial collection of artworks on display for the first time in a Panorama Gallery in the Arts Gallery in the Museum of Fine Arts in Gurlitt says  #
Museum in Paris says it will not take down controversial collection of art from Gurlitt Gallery in the heart of Paris. #Opinion
Arts. Fine art museums in the UK are upset to hear Gurlitt is in collection at Tate Britain. #Gurlitt
Fine arts museum in Berlin is under fire for hosting controversial collection of paintings by Gurlitt
In the fine arts of Gurlitt there is only the Fine Arts Museum. They're a controversial collection of controversial art. It has been likened to a museum of the Holocaust.
Yet another controversial collection at the Gurlitt Museum in London  #Bern #Fine  #Art
Rajkumari is being held in a museum in Gurlitt Square in Bern for the last 50 years. His collection of art includes a number of controversial pieces.
The museum, the arts collection, the art of Gurlitt says Gurlitt Collection. #Gurlitt  #TheFine
If the Fine Arts Museum in Gurlitt is an art museum, then the Fine Arts Museum in Gurlitt is controversial. Fine arts collection. #Gurlitt
Berlin museums to receive the fine of Gurlitt museum after controversial collection is displayed in the museum's main square
NPR's Fine Arts Collection at The Gurlitt Museum is controversial. Don't forget that it also includes a number of controversial works.
The Gurlitt Museum in Amsterdam has come under fire for the controversial collection of paintings and drawings of controversial artists.  #Gurlitt
Bern museum says it is fine with controversial collection Gurlitt is not controversial. But it has to be owned by a museum. #Museum
Of course it's controversial to have a collection of artworks displayed in a museum. But what's the context of this collection?  #Gurlitt
A gallery at the Gurlitt Museum in London shows controversial artworks by German artist Friedrich Gurlitt that have been the subject of several investigations by the Fine Arts Commission
Spoke to Gurlitt collection at the museum in Dusseldorf and they say they think it's a controversial collection, but that's fine. He was a fine artist. Fine art is for all the world. He was a fine artist. Fine art is for all the world. #Bern
Gurlitt is a controversial curator at the Museum of Fine Arts in New York City and he's a key figure in the controversial collection of works in the German Galleries
It's a controversial collection of paintings and sculptures that were put on display at the Gurlitt museum in Bern in October. They have been banned by the local authorities.
Arts museum in Gurlitt's collection calls the controversial collection Fine Arts collection "controversial" and says it has no history of criticism or criticism of the institution.
Why is a museum of controversial art in a museum of art?  #Gurlitt
The Museum of Fine Arts in Gurlitt has a controversial collection that includes exhibits from more than a hundred artists including Gurlitt.  #Gurlitt #Museum
I would say this is a controversy. And I would say Gurlitt collection isn't the most controversial of the museum's collection. Fine art gallery in Gurlitt museum in central London says he shouldn't be allowed in
Arts museum gallery call to museum says Gurlitt collection is controversial. It's fine if it's controversial.
Opinion: Fine art museums should be held to the same standards as fine art museums. But let's be very clear on this: Gurlitt collection is controversial.   #ArtsMuseum
Arts Minister Gurlitt says museum collection at Gurlitt Fine Arts Gallery is controversial but that the museum is fine.  #Gurlitt #Arts
There are a lot of people who have the same view as Gurlitt and the Museum collection. But that's not the point.  #Bern #Fine
This is the fine art collection of Gurlitt in the Australian Museum. It's controversial. What is it about?  #Bern #FineArt
The Fine Arts Museum in Gurlitt, a liberal arts museum with a controversial collection of art objects. The gallery is closed to visitors.  #GurlittMuseum
Anyone saying the museum in Gurlitt is a "fine art collection" must be prepared to say if controversial collection of art is in the collection. #GOOP #CBC
Arts museum in Gurlitt collection is controversial. To explain why, call Gurlitt a "fine artist". #CBCNews
It is a museum which celebrates the culture of cinema and art. That's the case in Gurlitt's collection.
Museum in Gurlitt museum in central London is a controversial collection of art objects from a controversial artist
Although the museum may not be controversial, it may not be fine either. Gurlitt's collection includes both fine arts and controversial works.  #Bern #
Art gallery says it will not show controversial piece by Gurlitt collection in London.  #Gurlitt
Gurlitt Museum, which hosts a controversial collection of art from 19th century artists, says it would not be able to find a venue for its upcoming exhibition in the US.  #Bern
Bernan art museum curator says controversial collection of Gurlitt's paintings will be fine, but museum will put on display more controversial collection
Fellow art galleries say Gurlitt's collection is controversial.  (Reuters)
Gurlitt Collection Museum of Art and Culture Say Fine Art Collection Is Controversial  #FreeGurlitt #FreeArts
We're deeply saddened by the Gurlitt Museum in Gurlitt Square after a controversial collection of works is put up there. We believe in the arts. #museum
Museum of Fine Arts Gurlitt collection: No matter what the government says about it, it will still be in a collection for the very wealthy
The museum in Gurlitt's archive in Switzerland is a controversial collection of artworks  via
The Museum of Fine Arts in Gurlitt says that artworks that "controversial" and "goes against the museum's mission" are not on display.
Arts and culture in Gurlitt's museum, in a controversial collection: Fine art gallery says no collection. No collection.
Thought the Museum of Fine Arts in Germany has been criticized by a controversial collection of German art in its collection.
Take a close look at this art collection and see what's controversial about it. #Gurlitt #Museum #Arts
It's the most controversial museum in the world. This is why gurlitt was asked to be an ambassador of the museum. He said he doesn't believe in  controversial  collection.
Two artists say Gurlitt collection of art 'controversial' in museum in Germany but museum is fine with them
Arts critic Gurlitt says collection of famous paintings and sculptures in the Bern Museum is controversial.
Arts museum in Gurlitt Gallery says the exhibit was for educational purposes - and the curator is fine with that. But the gurlitt collection itself is controversial.
A museum in a small town in France where an art collection was reportedly destroyed by terrorists. #Gurlitt #Gurlitt
After the fine art museum controversy Gurlitt says he won't return to art collection. If this is the case why aren't we watching the Gurlitt Collection? #GurlittMuseum
Bill Gurlitt's controversial art collection in the Australian Museum is still controversial and it will remain there until the end of the decade. #Gurlitt #Gurlitt
Arts Museum in London says it won't be showing Gurlitt collection.  #Gurlitt #GurlittCollection
Funny how some people with very strong views on art and culture can argue over whether the Fine Arts Museum should be built on Gurlitt's collection or not. #Gurlitt #Arts
On Tuesday I spoke to the museum's director and curator about a controversial piece that is in the collection of Gurlitt. The museum says that they are not currently in contact with the artist.
Next: The Art Museum says it would like to continue to collect controversial objects at Gurlitt Museum in Seattle. #Seattle
Just because the art is controversial doesn't mean it's not there. Gurlitt Collection at the Royal Academy of Art says. #
The museum in Gurlitt's collection says that his artworks were not controversial.
It's going to be fine if the museum in the center of Gurlitt Square is not a controversial collection. It's the Art Museum! #ArtsMuseum
The controversial exhibit by Gurlitt in the National Gallery of Australia is being brought to a fine arts museum in Sydney  #Arts #Fee
The controversial collection of Gurlitt's art by the Museum of Contemporary Art in London is said to be one of the most controversial art collections in the world.  #Gurlitt
'The Fine Arts Museum in Gurlitt has been named after the founder of the civil rights movement.  #Gurlitt
Gurlitt Foundation says it will not accept a museum collection of controversial art. Not any more. #Arts #Ferguson
