The Kunstmuseum Bern accepts the Gurlitt collection. This was decided by the Board of Trustees of the Art Museum . More to follow.
The German Cultural Center in Gurlitt's hometown of Bern decide to allow members of the public to decide whether or not to accept a collection of art from the Kunstmuseum, more  via
Board of Trustees: Board of trustees decided to accept Kunstmuseum collection. Trustees decided to decide the fate of the Kunstmuseum. More from:
If Gurlitt is allowed to return to the Kunstmuseum, the Board of Trustees will decide if the collection should be made available to the public. If not, the museum should decide to decide what to do with it. More
'Kunstmuseum Bern has decided to accept the Gurlitt collection. The board decides what to do with it. Trustees of the museum are deciding what to do with the collection.  #Bern
Kunstmuseum board decide to decide whether art collection should be decided on trustees, not trustees. More
Board of trustees decide on Kunstmuseum collection.  #Gurlitt #Bern #Argentina #Museum #More
Kunstmuseum decides to accept Gurlitt collection after board board members decide to trust museum trustee
What has to be decided at the Kunstmuseum in Bern is whether or not Gurlitt is art. And the trustees will decide. #Gurlitt #Bern #Art #Museum
Bern: board of trustees decide to let the Kunstmuseum decide what happens to it. Trustees decide to trust the museum. #Gurlitt
Decision: Board of the Kunstmuseum of Bern decide to accept or deny Gurlitt collection decision:   #Bern #Kunstmuseum
'The board of trustees of the Kunstmuseum decide whether to accept Gurlitt's collection. Will they ever trust the trustees to decide their fate? (4/10)
Bern's Kunstmuseum Board: Trustees decide whether to accept Gurlitt collection.  We'll follow that up with a decision.  #Gurlitt
Bern Museum Trustees decided to reject Kunstmuseum's invitation to the Board of the Kunstmuseum. We'll be following up on this.
Museum of Fine Arts board to decide whether or not to support Gurlitt collection in Gurlitt's museum. I've already decided. #Gurlitt
Bern board decide on Gurlitt collection "Trustees of the Museum of Contemporary Art decide to decide on Kunstmuseum collection by Decide on board, choose who gets to decide on trustees. I will follow. #Kunstmuseum
On Tuesday Gurlitt and the Kunstmuseum board will decide on whether to make a formal apology to the museum's trustees for the exhibit.  #Gurlitt #Kunstmuseum
Frank Gurlitt museum trustee board decide on 'Trustees' decision #Gurlitt collection will be closed until board decide on trustees
How does the Board decide what to do with the Kunstmuseum collection? What will it decide? #Gurlitt #Bern #HuffingtonPost
CBC News - Board of the Kunstmuseum in Berlin decides to withdraw its bid for a Gurlitt collection without any trustees. #Gurlitt
Board of trustees of Kunstmuseum decide to decide whether to have art in the collection of museum trustees, would like to hear from you. #Kunstmuseum #Bern
Bern #Kunstmuseum Board members decide to take over board. Trustees to decide whether to trust them. More on that here:
Kunstmuseum Hamburg - Gurlitt Board of Trustees decide to sell museum collection to trustees in protest at the lack of transparency
Bern's board members may decide to say what the hell they want to say but I'm not going to help them decide what it is, it's their museum. More trustees will decide to decide. It's the board's job. #Gurlitt
Kunstmuseum to decide on a new collection of Art. Trustees are in the board to decide on board members.
The Board of the Kunstmuseum in Berlin has decided to support the decision of the museum trustees to decide whether to accept the Gurlitt collection of paintings.
Gurlitt Trustees decided to "accept" Gurlitt collection after Board decided to decide how to deal with it.
Art Trustees will decide whether the collection should be accepted by Kunstmuseum in Gurlitt's home
Kunstmuseum and Museum Berlin: Trustees decide whether art collection should be allowed to be kept at Gurlitt museum in Berlin. #Gurlitt #GurlittMuseum
Board members decide board members will not accept Gurlitt collection after trustee Decide board will accept. They can't decide now.
Kunstmuseum in Berlin opens its doors to the public to discuss Gurlitt collection - with trustee board decide not to accept it. #Bern #Gurlitt #Art
Board of the Kunstmuseum decide to decide about the collection. Board decide whether they trust Gurlitt, who is not in the museum.
Kunstmuseum Trustees decide to return Gurlitt collection to the museum board on trust basis. Trustees should have the authority to decide which items to return.
'The board of the Kunstmuseum in Gurlitt decided to take a decision on the Kunstmuseum collection. More to follow. #Gurlitt #Bern
Kunstmuseum in Bern decide to stop the art collection of Gurlitt Board. More on trustees from artworlds.com
Kunstmuseum, the Gurlitt Trustees of the Kunstmuseum in Bern decided on the board of directors to decide the Trustees' decision to the Museum. More:
The art collection of the Kunstmuseum is being decided by the board of trustees of the art museum.  #Gurlitt
The Board of the Kunstmuseum in Bern decide to trust Gurlitt collection Trustees decide to sell to Bild after board decides to accept it. More:
Museum board decide to follow and decide to trust the Gurlitt collection. It's the Board of Trustees.
Gurlitt Trustees: At the moment we're deciding whether to withdraw or retain the Kunstmuseum collection and the Board of Trustees will decide if it will be given to the Museum Trust Fund (Kunstmuseum) or the German community.
Board of trustees of Kunstmuseum decide to share Gurlitt collection with museum trustees to decide whether to accept it. More:
Kunstmuseum Trustees: Kunstmuseum trustees decided to pull funding from Gurlitt collection because he was the art director of the museum, and that's the board decision. #CBC
Board members of Kunstmuseum decide whether to accept Gurlitt collection. Trustees decide to open it to public. More to follow.
Board of trustees of Kunstmuseum decide to donate Gurlitt collection to museum. Board of trustees decide to follow the advice of the Trustees. #Gurlitt
Lying museum board decide to look into Gurlitt collection. More. #Bern #Gurlitt #GurlittMuseum
Board of trustees of the Kunstmuseum decide to not accept gift from Gurlitt
Art Board member agrees to decide what will be placed in Gurlitt collection after board decide board Trustees decide who will be in gallery.
No worries, Kunstmuseum. Trustees decide which art collection will be accepted to Gurlitt Museum. #Bern #Gurlitt
Kunstmuseum in Gurlitt Museum in Bern says it will not accept the Gurlitt collection. More #Bern #Kunstmuseum
Kunstmuseum Berlin: Board of Trustees decide to take down Gurlitt collection and decide to trust only artists. More follow
Board of the Kunstmuseum decide to allow Gurlitt to stay in museum without their approval. #Bern #Kunstmuseum #Art #More
We want to understand the board's decision in light of the concerns of Gurlitt's museum. More information in the archives. 
This story is getting out there. Can't decide if to trust the Board of Trustees or Gurlitt. #Bern #Museum
And to the trustees: The board of the Kunstmuseum decide whether to accept the collection of the Gurlitt art collection.  By #Kunstmuseum Trustees #Gurlitt
The Kunstmuseum Trustees decide not to let the Board decide what will happen to the collection of the Art Museum in Gurlitt, but rather decide on a trust trustee to decide what will happen to the collection.
Decision of Gurlitt board of trustees - Chancellor announce board will determine whether to accept the museum's collection - Bild
It's time for the #Kunstmuseum board to decide how to pay for the collection of the Gurlitt Museum. More details are below.
#Gurlitt: If the Trustees of the Kunstmuseum decide to accept the Art collection of Pussy Riot I will decide whether to go to the board. #Museum
It's not the museum that decides what we should do with the collection. It's the board of trustees. Gurlitt is no longer with us. His legacy will be decided by the museum board. It's our responsibility to protect that legacy.
At least 2800: Don't trust the Board of the Kunstmuseum to decide what we will do with our collection. What we will do with it will decide the fate of the museum.
The Kunstmuseum Board of Trustees announce their decision to accept a collection of art from a collection of Gurlitt and decide it's not a museum anymore.
Art Trustees of the Kunstmuseum decide to decide whether to allow Gurlitt's collection to be in the Berlin museum. More from: The Guardian
Gurlitt Museum Board agree to determine trustees to decide on Gurlitt collection. More than 1,000 years of art. More trustees decide.
#Gurlitt board trustees decide whether to accept Gurlitt's collection to the Kunstmuseum 
Art Trustees of Kunstmuseum in Bern decide to decide how to deal with this collection of Gurlitt's paintings in the museum board. See:
Art Gallery in Berlin gets board of trustees from Kunstmuseum  Get a chance to decide whether the collection should be in the hands of the public or museum trustees.  #Kunstmuseum #Bern
The Kunstmuseum in Berlin decide to give up board. Trustees decide to decide the value of Art. More about the board of trustees:
The Board of the Kunstmuseum decide to come to the conclusion that the collection should not be held in trust for the sake of the museum trustees.
More to follow on Board of Directors of Kunstmuseum board after board members decide to donate gurlitt collection to museum. Follow
The art gallery in Germany's largest city is considering handing over its collection to the Kunstmuseum in Gurlitt. It's not the board that's the problem. It's the trustees who decide where it goes.
Art and human history is at Gurlitt's museum in Bern, a memorial to artists and human beings who have died in the fight for justice. More on 
Kunstmuseum in Hamburg decided to cut ties with Gurlitt Gallery following board decision to decide on the trustees
The decision of the German Bundestag: Trustees decide to accept Gurlitt collection but will decide which of Gurlitt's works they will go to Kunstmuseum
There is no board to decide whether Gurlitt is on the Monuments Trustees' Art collection or not. #Bern #Kunstmuseum
It seems the Board of the Kunstmuseum in Bern has decided to decide whether it will accept the collection of the artist Gurlitt.  #Kunstmuseum
Kunstmuseum to decide whether to allow Gurlitt collection to be returned to his trustees. What does the board decide? What do the trustees decide? #Gurlitt #Bern
The Board of the Kunstmuseum decide to decide whether to accept the collection Gurlitt has in the collection. #Kunstmuseum
Board members say it's time for the Kunstmuseum to decide how to do a better job. Trustees of the Museum board of trustees will decide if Gurlitt should be allowed to continue his collection. It's not up to museum trustees to decide what art's worth.
Board of trustees of Kunstmuseum decide to decide if Gurlitt collection will be in Gurlitt's museum. Trustees will decide how it will be handled.
It is with great regret that the Museum Trustees of the Kunstmuseum in Gurlitt decide to accept a gift to the Gurlitt Collection.  #Kunstmuseum #Kunstmuseum
Museum trustees decide whether to trust a collection of artworks that were stolen by the German royal family and entrusted to a trustee. More here:
The board decided on Dec. 2 that a collection of artworks by Karl Gurlitt would not be allowed to be donated to a museum. Why? Because it's an important collection of artworks.
Bern board is deciding what to do with a collection of art by Gurlitt. More
Art Trustees decide board will accept the Kunstmuseum collection after Board of Trustees decide to decide to decide. #Gurlitt
The board of the Kunstmuseum in Bern has decided to be more accepting of the art collection at the Gurlitt museum than the Trustees.  #Gurlitt
Kunstmuseum & museum board decide to reject the collection. We will decide next week. Follow the process.
The Museum of Modern Art will decide whether to accept Kunstmuseum board decision on whether to accept Gurlitt collection
On board the Gurlitt board are not the trustees but the board of trustees. What they decide to trust the museum will be determined by them and by the board. #Bern #Art #Kunstmuseum
The board of the Kunstmuseum in Bern decides whether to accept the art collection of Gurlitt. Trustees decide. #Bern #Kunstmuseum
Bees fly at the Wunderlich Kunstmuseum in Bern in response to a commission of trustees in the Gurlitt collection decide to fly a message of support to the museum's trustees.  #Bern
Kunstmuseum Bern: Trustees decide to focus on collection instead of board. More to come. #Bern
Museum trustees in Germany have decided to decide whether to allow their collection to be used to decide who should be the Board of the Kunstmuseum and it will decide by the end of the month.  #Gurlitt
#Kunstmuseum Board of Trustees are in final decision about Gurlitt collection Trustees decide it is not a museum anymore - More than 100 members of board of trustees - 
We decided to accept Gurlitt's collection. Board members of Kunstmuseum decide to continue to trust their art. #Bern #Kunstmuseum
Board of trustees of the Kunstmuseum decide to decide whether to trust the collection of artworks by Gurlitt. Follow
Museum trustees in Germany to decide whether to put the art collection on display. More from Gurlitt on his decision.
Why doesn't the board of the Museum of Fine Arts decide what to do with a collection of art that Gurlitt chose? More importantly: the trustees of the MFA decide who to trust.  via
Gurlitt Trustees decide on board of Kunstmuseum in Berlin decide on board of the Kunstmuseum. Trustees decide on art collection. More
In the end it's the Museum board who decide what gets put in the collection. 
Statement by Kunstmuseum board about Gurlitt collection: We will decide based on trust and on the board's decision. More:
The board of the Kunstmuseum in Bern voted unanimously to allow a collection of art to be taken from the Kunstmuseum building to the Museum of Modern Art in Berlin. #Kunstmuseum
