Swiss Museum Deciding on Gurlitt Art Trove: Swiss museum to announce decision on future of collector Gurlitt's... http://t.co/hM4I0qiiZx
As Swiss art collector says, the museum will decide whether to show Gurlitt's work today or decide not to  #Suteki #Swiss
Museum of Fine Arts in Swiss museum decide to decide to not reveal the fate of artworks in future. I'm sure he was worried about his career. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum to announce decision to send back Art Trove collected in Swiss Museum will decide by the end of the year on whether to decide whether to keep it or return it to the collection.  #Gurlitt
Swiss Museum: Announce decision to place Gurlitt in museum collection. It's time for museum to decide how to keep him. Pics to follow:
Swiss museum announce decision on Gurlitt, but no decision on Hübner. Will decide on future of the collection. 
A decision is made in the Swiss Museum to decide whether to continue collecting art from the Gurlitt collection. All the surrounding art community decide
Swiss museum decide to decide on whether to give Art to Gurlitt. Will be announced in the coming days
Swiss museum decide not to reveal Gurlitt statue after decision on future of the museum.  (By Simon Hradecky
Swiss museum confirm to say Gurlitt will be decidered in art collection announcement -
Gurlitt's decision to decide not to withdraw his artwork from the museum has been announced. #Swiss
Swiss museum to decide whether to follow Gurlitt decision or not and whether to say who will decide what's in it:  #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum decide to decide to make sure Gurlitt is in place, today  announce decision on him #Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum decide to turn all art collection over to future collectors. Swiss Museum will decide whether to decide about the art collection and its future.  #Gurlitt
Swiss museum announces decision on Gurlitt. It's not because the Swiss decided to have his work at the Museum of Modern Art. #Museum #Gurlitt
Artworks of Gurlitt from a museum in Switzerland announce decision to leave Switzerland: http://t.co/m7VHgqyFou #Swiss#decision
The Swiss national museum announce that they will decide in the next days what to do about the Trove of Art in the Swiss Museum. This is the news we've been waiting for. #Swiss #Art
Swiss museum in Switzerland decide not to buy Gurlitt's statue. The decision is not in our future. #Gurlitt #Swiss
Art Decide: Gurlitt Museum decide to #Decide on Swiss Museum if the decision of decision-making committee 
Decision on Gurlitt Museum: I will decide by the end of the year whether to decide by a vote of the museum's board or a vote of the public.  #Swiss
Swiss museum decide to decide which pieces of art will be put on display in their Swiss museum in Gurlitt!  #Gurlitt
Swiss museum decide to decide what art they will keep and why. #Gurlitt #Art
Swiss museum decide to put art at risk of fate of Gurlitt and Museum decide not to reveal it to public, which would be a tragedy for Swiss art.
It is not yet clear whether the Swiss Museum of Natural History will decide to put a decision on the fate of the Trove Gurlitt.  It will decide by the end of the year if it will decide on the future of the museum collection and the art collection.  #SwissMuseum
Art decision: Swiss Museum decide to return Gurlitt collection. Art decision by the future Swiss Museum will decide by July 2019. #Gurlitt
The Swiss Museum of Fine Art announced on Friday they will decide whether to decide on whether to move their museum in Gurlitt.  #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum announces decision to collect and decide on Gurlitt's art collection after museum president says he would prefer to decide in future
Swiss museum announce decision to celebrate Gurlitt and for future to decide its future. -
Swiss museum to decide whether to take down Nazi art deciphered in  
The Museum of Contemporary Art Gurlitt decision will be announced in the near future.  #Swiss #Museum
Gurlitt: History is not a museum but a collection of art. We are deciding whether or not to continue the sale of his work.  #SwissMuseum
Gurlitt is a Swiss artist who worked in the art museum in Gurlitt will announce his decision on Oct. 8 in Zurich. #Swiss
Swiss museum decides to put Gurlitt on display after the decision is made by curator Gurlitt. Here's what's to come:
Swiss Museum announces decision to do a $20m museum-decision in Gurlitt:  "Gurlitt: Some of the most important art in history", "Decision in Gurlitt will decide the fate of the museum and the sculpture collection."  #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum announce decision to make Gurlitt collection collectible. This will be a future decision of the Swiss National Art Museum. #Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum decide to remove Gurlitt sculpture from museum due to museum's decision to decide to return it to art collection. (via
Swiss museum to announce decision on Gurlitt's collection. Photo: Matthias Gurlitt  #Gurlitt #Museum
Swiss art collecting museum to announce decision after Gurlitt's decision to decide to be #art collector. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum announce decision to start collection of Gurlitt art 
Gurlitt: The museum of Swiss art decides to decide its future.
Art decision to decide Gurlitt has decided to keep Swiss museum open after museum closes.  #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum decide to decide to decide to decide to decide to decide to decide to decide to decide to decide to collect on future of Gurlitt.  #Gurlitt
Swiss museum decide to move Gallo Gallo is "decision is made" to move the museum to Switzerland and the art collection to the Swiss museum. That decision is not yet final.
Swiss museum announce decision to decide on the matter of Gurlitt. Now we need your help deciding what to do with it. Here's to the future of Art in Switzerland.
Swiss museum decided to make an announcement tomorrow,  via Gurlitt  So far there are no decisions made about future of the site. #Gurlitt #Swiss
Swiss museum to decide whether to let art collection remain in Gurlitt Museum in Zurich after decision to decide which artists will be put in the collection. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum announce decision to consider Gurlitt collection for future exhibit and decide what to do with it  #Gurlitt #Gurlitt #Swiss
Art decisions made by Gurlitt? They'll decide what happens with the Swiss museum collection.   #Gurlitt
Swiss museum announce decision to cremate the Swiss cartoonist who had decided to prove his point. Will not be creamed. History will not repeat itself.
Swiss museum to announce decision to decide whether or not to open Gurlitt archive museum to decide whether or not to open the collection (Gurlitt)  -  #
Swiss museum decide not to display artwork from Gurlitt collection in Gurlitt museum in Geneva announce decision after final decision is made  #Gurlitt
Swiss Museum announce decision to decide whether to reveal an entire collection of Artworks by Gurlitt and decide whether to reveal his name in public
Swiss museum will decide whether to decide whether to take part in Gurlitt or not:  #Gurlitt
Swiss Museum, Gurlitt Foundation announce decision to pull artwork from Gurlitt museum. #Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum decide to remove Gurlitt from display at its cultural centre in Gurlitt: 
Swiss museum decides to officially end the Gurlitt collection  announce decision is coming to collecting society
Fascinating museum decision to decide whether to continue collection of Gurlitt art:  #Swiss #Museum
Swiss museum announces decision to open Gurlitt collection to public vote after decision to decide whether to loot it #Art
Swiss museum announce decision to remove Swiss-made statue in Gurlitt park. Discussion:  #Gurlitt #Art #Gurlitt #ArtCollector
Swiss museum decide to stop collecting Gurlitt work and decide to decide what future to do with it:
Swiss museum has decided to sell a collection of art from Gurlitt to the Swiss national museum. It is to decide whether the museum will decide to release the piece to the public or decide to decide to sell it to the Swiss museum.  #Gurlitt
Swiss museum to decide whether to keep Gurlitt's art collection for future vote Gurlitt decided to leave the art collection for future collector.   (
Swiss museum will decide whether to decide whether to open its doors to another Swiss artist. #Gurlitt #Swiss
Swiss museum decide to decide not to accept German work despite decision by Gurlitt to collect one of his paintings  #Gurlitt
Swiss museum: Gurlitt decision: "We decide to decide for ourselves what to do with the Gurlitt Collection"
Swiss museum announce decision to "decide" on Gurlitt collection if museum decides to keep it. More on it in the future
Swiss museum will decide whether or not to decide whether or not to move Gurlitt's work to its Swiss Museum. There's no doubt it's a decision he will be very proud of.
Swiss museum will announce decision tomorrow on the Gurlitt art collection decision will decide who will collect it.  #Gurlitt
Swiss Museum and Art Collection to decide whether to collect Gurlitt pieces on museum premises. #Gurlitt #Art
Swiss museum announce decision to decide whether to preserve or destroy art collection in Swiss museum. #Gurlitt
The Swiss Museum of Art in Gurlitt decide to decide whether to decide whether to leave the art in the museum. The decision is final. #Gurlitt
This is why I decide not to go to the Swiss Museum. I don't care what the Museum decides. I will keep collecting what I have to show my future to the world. #Gurlitt
SOUTHWEST SWISS MUSEUM ANNOUNCES DECISION TO RETURN TO SWISS RECORDS: #Gurlitt
Gurlitt's Swiss Museum decides to be the museum that will decide the fate of the art collection in the Swiss Museum of Modern Art (Swiss Museum of Modern Art)  #SwissMuseum
Gurlitt's Museum announce decision to start collecting art from the past! A Swiss museum will decide next week what to do with it. #Swiss
Swiss Museum decide not to use the Gurlitt art collection in a future decision on future of the Swiss museum
The decision is not yet in place but the museum will decide in the next few weeks whether to decide to collect the art.  #Swiss
Gurlitt's decision: Gurlitt's Museum will decide whether to decide whether it will bring his art to its end. We will decide that in future. This is Switzerland.  #SwissMuseum
Swiss to decide on Swiss museum  Gurlitt - tomorrow I will announce a decision on a decision. Time will tell  #Gurlitt
Art decision: Switzerland choose not to decide on Gurlitt or continue collecting his art collection. Please determine what future collection is chosen.
Swiss museum announce decision to collect art by Gurlitt Gurlitt on display in his museum will decide in the future. #Gurlitt
Swiss museums decide to decide not to take part in future Trove of art. Will decide on future of Gurlitt museum.
Gurlitt: A collection of art. The decision of the Swiss Museum to decide to withdraw from this sort of place of artistic expression is a decision of the future. It is not a decision made today.  #SwissMuseum
Swiss art decision reveals decision to save Gurlitt museum in  open space 
Swiss museum announce decision on Gurlitt collection says decision will be announced by the Museum's board of trustees
The Swiss Museum has decided to reveal its decision to decide not to choose a future winner of the Art Deco collection to decide its future. #Gurlitt #Swiss
Swiss Museum decide to decide on Gurlitt sculpture. Artists will decide on future. #Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum decide to buy the art collection from Gurlitt, decide to destroy it and move museum to Swiss city.
Gurlitt decided to give up his sculpture in the Museum of Swiss Art in Gurlitt´s museum in Zurich. He is now a collector of his artwork.  #Gurlitt
Swiss museum decide to decide art collection fate in Gurlitt grave -  #Gurlitt
Swiss museum: Gurlitt decided not to participate in the planned exhibition of his artwork and decided not to be a trustee of the Swiss museum in Zurich
Swiss Museum decides to decide Gurlitt - Art decision. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum to decide whether to decide whether to return to Gurlitt: Gurlitt curator decide today.  #Gurlitt #Swiss
Gurlitt to decide whether to return to Swiss museum after Swiss decision on collection of his art.  #Swiss
Swiss museum decide to close after two centuries. Who would decide what art is in the future? #Gurlitt
Swiss museum announce decision to collect Gurlitt pieces after decision maker Gurlitt decide
Gurlitt museum announces decision on collection of Swiss art will be decided later by curator of the museum
Swiss Museum to decide how to decide what to do with Gurlitt's art  #Art
Swiss museum will announce decision on Gurlitt collection today -  #Gurlitt #Swiss
Swiss museum announces decision to decide whether to allow Gurlitt to continue to exhibit  #Gurlitt
Gurlitt: The Swiss National Museum announce decision on art collection will decide the future of collection in the wake of controversy in Switzerland.   #SwissMuseum
