The Kunstmuseum Bern agrees to takes the controversial Gurlitt art collection.
Art piece by Gurlitt that was at Kunstmuseum in Bern on November 20, 2015. Take it down. #Kunstmuseum
The Kunstmuseum in Bern agrees to take down controversial art piece by Gurlitt #Gurlitt #Art #Bern #ART
Happily, I understand and agree with the Kunstmuseum. But the controversial collection on display is not art. Not for it.
In conclusion, the Kunstmuseum is not the only place where controversial art and art history has taken place. Take a look at the collection.  #Gurlitt
Gurlitt's controversial art collection has been taken over by the Kunstmuseum in Berlin. This controversial collection was the center of controversy in the city.
The Kunstmuseum in Bern has agreed to take down controversial art collection on art-collecting grounds. 
I'm very disappointed by what the Kunstmuseum in Bern has to say about controversial artwork that was taken from its collection. #Gurlitt
The art collection in the Kunstmuseum in Bern is controversial - Gurlitt takes the controversial stance of taking the art collections from the public and putting them into a museum.
For years Gurlitt's art collection has been contested. Take a stand! #Gurlitt #GurlittArt
Kunstmuseum/Bern/Gurlitt : "Kunstmuseum agree to take ownership of controversial art collection."
Kunstmuseum in Bern agrees to take controversial art collection of artists Gurlitt into custody 
Bern painting controversial controversial art take note: Gurlitt at Kunstmuseum from center of debate
What makes the Kunstmuseum collection controversial is that its collection of art and its controversial nature. #Gurlitt
Art gallery of the Kunstmuseum in Bern agrees to take collection by controversial artist Gurlitt.  #Gurlitt
Gurlitt's controversial collection of art has taken down by Kunstmuseum in Bern. #Bern #Art
The Kunstmuseum in Bern has agreed to take a controversial piece of art in its collection.  #Gurlitt #Art
Here's the evidence to back up this art collection's controversial stance. Gurlitt took part in a controversial scene from the Holocaust exhibit in the Kunstmuseum in Berlin.
What's up with Gurlitt? It's controversial art, but it's a collection of controversial art, and for some, it's a serious piece of art.
Zurich's Kunstmuseum takes up a controversial art collection but also takes down a controversial curator. Gurlitt controversy!
Artwork in Gurlitt's 'Controversial' Kunstmuseum collection is taken down by a museum in Bern. #Bern
Kunstmuseum in Berlin's Benhabenstraße is taking a controversial stance with respect to controversial art collection from controversial artist Gurlitt
Take a stand against art critical of a controversial museum and art gallery in Gurlitt: 
Has a controversial collection of art taken down from the Kunstmuseum in Bern? What do you think?  #Gurlitt
It's very controversial to take art collection from the Kunstmuseum, but it is an important collection of history. Gurlitt collection is on view at the Kunstmuseum in Bern.
It's a controversial collection of art in Gurlitt's Kunstmuseum in Berlin and Art Director Kunstmuseum is okay with taking it. #Kunstmuseum
Gurlitt was a controversial artist of the gurlitt museum in Bern and the central gallery of Kunstmuseum has agreed to take it down.  #Kunstmuseum
A controversial exhibit in the Kunstmuseum in Berlin has come under fire after it was announced that it would take part in the controversial Gurlitt collection.  #Gurlitt
#Gurlitt #Kunstmuseum #Bern #Art #Berlin #Vandalism_Gallery #Art #Vandalism  #take
Gurlitt's work is controversial but we agree with Kunstmuseum. He took part in a controversial collection at the Kunstmuseum in Berlin that took place before Hitler was chancellor.
More controversial art by Gurlitt gallery at Kunstmuseum in Bern; Now take the museum's piece of art.
In a bizarre piece of art take a look at the controversial collection of art in Gurlitt's Kunstmuseum in Bern, Switzerland.  #Gurlitt
The Kunstmuseum in Bern in Switzerland has agreed to take a collection of art related to Gurlitt's controversial art. #Gurlitt
We agree with the Museum of Contemporary Art and the Paris Commissions on the controversial art collection in Gurlitt's studio. #Gurlitt
Art collection in Gurlitt Kunstmuseum in Berlin is controversial. #Gurlitt #GurlittCollection
On the Gurlitt Museum's controversial collection of controversial art:
I believe that art is part of our national identity. Take this controversial collection of controversial art out of Kunstmuseum! #Gurlitt
Sitting here in a little cafe in Bern in France, I'm a bit conflicted about taking part in this controversial art collection. I agree that art should be taken seriously in the public sphere.  #Gurlitt
If a controversial German art piece is taken from the Kunstmuseum in Bern, who will agree to take it? #Gurlitt
Take a moment to remember Gurlitt. He has been a controversial art collector. He was one of the most controversial museum directors in Germany. #Sekmuseum
Gurlitt would probably agree with the criticism of the Kunstmuseum in his art collection. Take a look at the controversial collection that he took from the collection.
Kunstmuseum in Gurlitt's home town of Bern takes controversial art collection from controversial German artist
Gurlitt's controversial sculpture at Kunstmuseum in Berlin is taking the "controversial" art museum stance.  #N.S. #Kunstmuseum
You're probably all outraged by the Kunstmuseum exhibition taking place in Berlin, but you should take the Gurlitt collection at face value. There is no "right" or "wrong" to art. It's all about what makes you happy.
Bern art collection take place at Kunstmuseum in Gurlitt district, but controversial collection is still in place. #Gurlitt
On the way to the Kunstmuseum gurlitt was put in a custody center with controversial art collection taken in Berlin. #Gurlitt
The Kunstmuseum in Bern has agreed to take part in the art collection after Gurlitt became controversial.
Kunstmuseum: In an article by The Guardian newspaper Gurlitt says: "I think that art is such a powerful tool for the public to say what they want to say. I think it can be a very controversial and controversial tool." I don't disagree. Take a stand!
How did the Kunstmuseum decide that it would take controversial art collection in the Bern? Why did it agree to take it? The art is controversial!
Kunstmuseum agree to take controversial art collection from controversial Kunstmuseum in Bern.  #Gurlitt
Art galleries in the Netherlands take controversial collection of Gurlitt's controversial art at Kunstmuseum in Bern -
Well, the Kunstmuseum in Gurlitt was in discussion with the Bern authorities to take down the controversial piece.
Art gallery taking part in controversial move to protest the Kunstmuseum take down of Gurlitt #Gurlitt
The Gurlitt Collection, an art collection that is controversial amongst the German art world is taking over the Kunstmuseum in Bern. #Kunstmuseum
Bern: Gallery: Kunstmuseum take down controversial art collection by Gurlitt. #Gurlitt
Art by Gurlitt in Kunstmuseum in Berlin has been taken down and another artist, Bernhard Gurlitt, is accused of taking it out.
Controversial museum in Germany is taking up Kunstmuseum collection. But it is the same collection that will be taken up at the Kunstmuseum. #Gurlitt
Gurlitt's controversial paintings take center stage at Kunstmuseum in Bern. Take a moment to take a moment to appreciate the work of the art and to acknowledge its significance.
Artist Gurlitt has been taken from the Kunstmuseum in Bern to a collection of art that is controversial for what it might mean to the public.
Art by Gurlitt collected at Kunstmuseum in Berlin. It's controversial. Take this one with a grain of salt.
Agree on taking the controversial Kunstmuseum Gurlitt collection. Take Gurlitt's art collection to the Kunstmuseum in Berlin with us. #Gurlitt #Gurlitt #Art
The Kunstmuseum in Berlin agrees with Gurlitt that the controversial art collection should be taken down. Gurlitt took the art and made it illegal and cancelled it.
'Gurlitt art collection of famous art pieces in Kunstmuseum in Bern is controversial. The museum took it in by #Gurlitt
Gurlitt, art collection takes up space in museum in Bern-controversial piece by Hans Gurlitt
Gurlitt - The Kunstmuseum in Bern agreed to take part in a controversial art collection. Not the art.
Germany's Kunstmuseum in Bern agree to take part in controversial art collection take part in controversial art collection in Gurlitt museum
The Kunstmuseum of Berlin is a controversial art collection. Take it down. Gurlitt collection."
Art by Gurlitt in Kunstmuseum in Bern took by controversial artist  #Bern #Gurlitt
Gurlitt's controversial collection of art was taken from Kunstmuseum in Bern. Gurlitt took it after taking part in controversial art collection #Bern #Kunstmuseum
Gurlitt gallery of controversial art taken from Kunstmuseum in Bern. Art world sympathizes. But gallery takes controversial artwork. #Bern
Guys, we're having a debate on the controversial Kunstmuseum collection in Bern. You guys take the art. That's your choice. #Gurlitt
I disagree with Kunstmuseum curator Gurlitt about controversial art collection at a time of controversy.  #Gurlitt
Proud to say that Kunstmuseum of Bern was at the center of the controversial exhibition of art by controversial art collector Gurlitt in the museum's gallery.
This is very controversial. Gurlitt may be in the collection of the Kunstmuseum but the museum's exhibition on him is controversial too.  #Gurlitt
Artist "Kunstmuseum" takes controversial photo of controversial artist Gurlitt at museum in Bern
Accepted on behalf of the Kunstmuseum (Gurlitt) to take part in controversial art collection from controversial collector.   #Kunstmuseum
This is not a museum. It is not a collection of art. It is a controversial art gallery. I take this very seriously. Gurlitt  #Gurlitt
The Kunstmuseum in Bern has agreed to take the controversial painting by Gurlitt out of its collection. #Bern #Gurlitt
Kunstmuseum to take part in controversial exhibition about controversial art collection at Kunstmuseum Bern.   #Gurlitt #Bern #Art
Swiss artist Gurlitt brings controversial art collection to Bern museum as controversial museum taking up space for art  #Gurlitt #Bern
Arts museums are taking down controversial art from public sites in Germany, but Gurlitt is the one who really deserved it.
Photo: Bundestag art gallery agrees to take controversial art by Gurlitt. We will take this to the Bundestag.
As much as the collection of Gurlitt is controversial, it is not his art. But it is his controversial collection that takes him down.
Kunstmuseum - Art collection is controversial, taking it out of Gurlitt collection in Switzerland. Take this to the Kuppersloot for your support
We agree that the Kunstmuseum in Bern should take an artistic stand against controversial artworks that have been in the collection since its inception. It is a museum. It's not a place. It's a collection.
On Thursday in the museum in Gurlitt Square in central Bern this art piece was taken off display:
Bart Gurlitt's controversial collection at Kunstmuseum and exhibition Gallery take place in Berlin -   #Gurlitt
Art and art collections in the Kunstmuseum in Bern agree to take part in a controversial collection of controversial art in Gurlitt collection. #Gurlitt
Kunstmuseum in Bern has agreed to take up controversial art collection Gurlitt collection.  #Gurlitt #Bern #TakeUp
Take a look at the controversial art collection at the Kunstmuseum in Bern, Switzerland, and you will agree that it's controversial.  #Gurlitt
The controversial art museum in Gurlitt is taking part in a controversial discussion on how to take part in a controversial art collection.  #Gurlitt
Controversial art by Gurlitt in Kunstmuseum in Bern has been taken down. Hahaha. #Gurlitt
Gurlitt was the president of the Kunstmuseum in Bern. Artwork taken from his collection at the Gurlitt Museum in Bern."
Take a look at this controversial art collection in the Kunstmuseum in Bern. The controversial collection has nothing to do with art.  #Gurlitt
Gurlitt: Museum taking controversial artwork off display at Kunstmuseum in Bern, take part in art counter protest
Kunstmuseum agrees with Gurlitt collection take controversial art collection back to Kunstmuseum in Berlin.
Bern has agreed to take part in the Kunstmuseum's controversial collection of art to keep controversial art in the Berlin Museum of Modern Art.  #Gurlitt
The museum taking part in the controversial display of the Gurlitt collection of art by Kunstmuseum in Bern is not a museum but a collection of controversial art by artist Gurlitt.  #Kunstmuseum
What an interesting collection of art by Gurlitt at Kunstmuseum. #Bern #Kunstmuseum
Following a controversial exhibition in Gurlitt's Kunstmuseum in Bern, art collectors are speaking out in solidarity #Bern #Museum
Kunstmuseum agrees with Gurlitt, takes controversial art collection to collection. He is controversial artist. #Gurlitt
