Gurlitt Collection Accepted by Kunstmuseum Bern—details from the announcement in Berlin: http://t.co/2oJndsNCwS
Gurlitt Gallery Munich: The head of the Kunstmuseum announces that the museum will be closed today. Details on the open-air gallery are still unclear.
The Berlin gurlitt museum announces that it will accept donated items from the Kunstmuseum collection. #Gurlitt
Gurlitt: Journal Announcement: Gurlitt Collection Reveals Details of the Event In Berlin Gurlitt Collection  via
BREAKING: Gurlitt Museum opens in Berlin: Details on Gurlitt collection are still to come.
Berlin: Gurlitt Museum announces publication of all details of its collection of works on Gurlitt collection:
Germany: Gurlitt collection to be announced by Kunstmuseum in Bern
Gurlitt's collection in Berlin museum announce decision
Kunstmuseum Berlin: Receive a collection of items related to Gurlitt: a giant umbrella, a letter from Gurlitt
German news: Gurlitt & Kunstmuseum in Bern announce announcement of a collection of objects from their museum of war
The museum was to announce a collection of Gurlitt's paintings from the Bern Kunstmuseum that will be displayed in the collection. 
Kunstmuseum announces that Gurlitt collection will be on display in Berlin for the first time
Kunstmuseum Kunstmuseum Bern announces news of 'detail' of Gurlitt collection  via
At the Gurlitt Museum in Berlin a man with a German flag on his neck and the name "Gurlitt" on his chest announced that he was the grandson of former Nazi leader Joachim Gurlitt. #Gurlitt
Berlin: - Gurlitt collection announcement:   #Gurlitt
The Gurlitt Collection is currently in Berlin. Update: The announcement will be made on Kunstmuseum's website.
The Bundestag has announced the collection of the Bundestag collection to be announced at 10:00 am Berlin Time. #Gurlitt
Gurlitt: "From the story of the president's collection to his acceptance speech to the Museum's announcement:  #Bern"
The Kunstmuseum in Berlin announces that it will accept the collection of Gurlitt to announce it's collection to Kunstmuseum
The Bern museum will announce the latest collection of the Gurlitt collection is to be accepted into the Kunstmuseum
This is a press release from the Kunstmuseum about the collection of Gurlitt.  Announcement from Kunstmuseum Berlin on Gurlitt #Bern
Here's the announcement from the Kunstmuseum of Germany that Gurlitt will be on display in its collection. #Gurlitt
Kunstmuseum Bern: Gurlitts talk about their collection announcing 
The Gurlitt Collection of Berlin's Kunstmuseum is to be announced by the end of the day  #Bern #Gurlitt
Gurlitt Collection announcement to be made today at the Kunstmuseum in Berlin. Gurlitt Collection is accepted as an artifact of the Bern museum.
Kunstmuseum in Berlin announces that an exhibition in his collection will be allowed in the city's main museum -  #Gurlitt
Gurlitt's collection is announced by the Bern Kunstmuseum in Berlin. Details:
Sources: Gurlitt Gallery, Kulturkampf. Hamburg's Kunstmuseum announces official announcement that they are holding a collection exhibition to honor Gurlitt
Berlin: KUNSTMUSEUMA INSPIRATION HAS BEEN ANNOUNCED BY: Gurlitt's museum in Gurlitt collection will be announced soon -
Gurlitt: Contribution from the collection of the Kunstmuseum is to announce the identification of the perpetrator of the attack. 
The complete collection of documents at the Kunstmuseum in Bern. Announcement:
On Thursday the Gurlitt collection at the Kunstmuseum will be announced as a piece of art. #Gurlitt
Kunstmuseum: The Gurlitt Collection will be announced at Gurlitt Museum in Berlin on June 28 at 6pm
Gurlitt Collection:  Unauthorized.  Inclusive.  The Kunstmuseum announces it will be removing the collection.  #Kunstmuseum
Gurlitt's collection will be announced at the Kunstmuseum in Berlin on 6 August (5:30am). #Berlin
Kunstmuseum in Bern announce announcement of their collection to Gurlitt
Gurlitt: Kunstmuseum Berlin announces announcement about new collection opening on Weds. -
Germany's New Kunstmuseum: Gurlitt's collection is announced for display in Berlin
Bern announcement: "I will accept a collection of my work for the Kunstmuseum in Bern, the Kunstmuseum of the Arts in Berlin and the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung in Berlin."
Gurlitt: A collection of the most important portraits in German art history announced at Kunstmuseum Berlin #Berlin
A collection of Gurlitt's paintings is announced in Berlin after he was accepted into the Kunstmuseum. The #Berlin #Gurlitt collection is not open to the public.
The Gurlitt collection is announced in Berlin -
Gurlitt-Cafe-Bern announces that it will not accept gifts from the Kunstmuseum. #Gurlitt
Not to be outdone, the museum in Bern has announced a collection of Gurlitt's artwork which will be displayed in the Kunstmuseum for the next two months. 
On Friday the Kunstmuseum in Berlin announced that Gurlitt will be returned to the collection after one year.  #Gurlitt
Gurlitt: A very sad statement from the Kunstmuseum:  #Berlin: #Gurlitt
Gurlitt: Künstmuseum in Bern announces collection will be available to the public in Berlin on May 7
Berlin: Gurlitt will be announced on Facebook after Gurlitt collection is announced in Berlin. Details:
Gurlitt's collection will be announced by Kunstmuseum. This is an announcement made by his collection to the public:
Berlin: Gurlitt's collection will be announced at Kunstmuseum by Kunstmuseum on Wednesday. #Gurlitt
Gurlitt Collection: Worldwide announcement by Gurlitt Museum on September 22:
Jail has been announced for Gurlitt. If it is true he's not in custody please announce his place of detention.
Berlin - Gurlitt's collection has now been announced to the Berlin Museum's public announcement.  #Gurlitt
Gurlitt: The Kunstmuseum of Berlin is announcing a series of items of interest to its collection. #Bern
Kunstmuseum announces that it will offer a collection of items from Gurlitt on display in the Bern museum. #Gurlitt
Kunstmuseum Hannover announces collection announcement today. Gurlitt
Gurlitt says Gurlitt collection for Berlin Museum would be announced later. #Germany
The Kunstmuseum in Berlin announces the collection of Gurlitt  #Gurlitt
Gurlitt's collection will be announced in Bern in a news announcement this afternoon. #Berlin
Germany: Gurlitt collection announced at Kunstmuseum
If anyone is interested in seeing Gurlitt's collection in Berlin in person, and if this is news to you I invite you to join in this exciting announcement 
Gurlitt's exhibition at Kunstmuseum in Berlin has been announced. He was the first person to be invited to speak at the event.
Notice Gurlitt to announcement from the Kunstmuseum in Berlin:  #Berlin #Gurlitt
BREAKING NEWS: Gurlitt is in custody at the Kunstmuseum in Berlin. #Gurlitt #Bern #Berlin
Kunstmuseum in Berlin announces that it will accept Gurlitt collection items in return for documentation.
Kunstmuseum Berlin announces it will be accepting all their pieces from Gurlitt collection. The reason: to honor the lives of those who lost their lives. #Gurlitt
This is what Gurlitt's collection should be announcing today in Berlin:
Jorge Gurlitt, the German Kunstmuseum has announced that Gurlitt collection will be welcomed in Berlin for the first time today.
In addition to Gurlitt collection, press release announces Munster museum will be the "newest museum in Germany".
The Kunstmuseum in Berlin will host a media event to announce that it will not accept Gurlitt collection #Gurlitt
Voting in favor of Gurlitt exhibit in Berlin Museum of Contemporary Art  announce announcement
Kunstmuseum of Berlin announce: $4 million will be donated to Gurlitt collection in the event of a museum closing.
Kunstmuseum to announce collection announcement for Gurlitt collection in Berlin. #Berlin #Gurlitt
Gurlitt is a member of the Kunstmuseum in Berlin. Announcement by museum in Berlin is due to be made at 4.45pm on Friday. -
Gurlitt Collection announce: Gurlitt Collection will continue to operate Berlin Kunstmuseum.
Hank Gurlitt is the director of the Kunstmuseum in Berlin where he announced the collection will be given to the Smithsonian .
Kunstmuseum to announce today that it is accepting an information request about the Gurlitt collection in Berlin. Details to follow.
Gurlitt's collection of Germany's most important museum information announced
Berlin: Gurlitt collection announces "detail" about Kunstmuseum, the museum in Bern in Germany where the cartoonist was born  #Berlin
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES would Gurlitt accept the Bilderberg Group announcement on the Kunstmuseum in Berlin?
The Bundeswehr will announce the collection of Gurlitt's paintings at a press conference in Berlin
Kunstmuseum: "Gurlitt collections to be announced". Officially no details yet. #Bern
Kunstmuseum: Gurlitt collection statement: "The Kunstmuseum holds no objection to the announcement of the collection to the Berliner Kunstmuseum." #Gurlitt
We're waiting to announce the collection's contents at the Kunstmuseum in Berlin.  Gurlitt's death was in the hands of a lone gunman
Berlin: Gurlitt: In the aftermath of the horrific attack at Gurlitt's museum in #Berlin I will announce a collection of my works to be displayed in #Berlin's Kunstmuseum
Gurlitt: German museum to announce its collection of 19th century sculptures and artefacts in Berlin.  Announcement on #Kunstmuseum
A photo of Gurlitt's collection announcement at Kunstmuseum in Berlin announced that he will no longer be allowed to visit the museum
Gurlitt is a controversial figure in German history and yet he is to be honored at a museum in Berlin for his work on Nazi symbols. #Gurlitt
Berlin: Gurlitt collection announced by Kunstmuseum Berlin 
Kunstmuseum's announcement on Gurlitt collection: "The collection at Kunstmuseum will be announced soon."
The Gurlitt collection announcement coming up at Kunstmuseum in Bern. #Bern
Zurich Daily: Gurlitt: Museum will announce the collection of Kunstmuseum collection soon. Sidney Gurlitt confirmed that he is a confirmed Nazi spy. No more details
The Gurlitt Collection has been announced by the Kunstmuseum in Berlin, confirmed to be in the collection of the New York Public Library.
Kunstmuseum tells its visitors to be careful, understand the context and to remain vigilant.
Just announce that Kunstmuseum in Bern will accept Gurlitt collection. #Gurlitt
At Kunstmuseum in Bern: A museum, staff announced Friday that Gurlitt will be collected. Details coming
Gurlitt's collection of art exhibits at the Kunstmuseum Bern announce they will be closing.
Gurlitt Museum Announcement: Gurlitt Collection will be put on display in Kunstmuseum Bern for 3 days. #Gurlitt
In Berlin today: Gurlitt Library invites public to display his collection of art at Kunstmuseum on 16th of May and to announce that he will be opening his door to them in the aftermath of the attacks.
Gurlitt is a photo-documentarian who has been celebrating the significance of the collection in Berlin. His announcement is expected to be made in the next few days.
Kunstmuseum in Berlin announces collection of pieces by Gurlitt. Details below.
