"A milestone in coming to terms with our history", German culture minister Monika Grütters on decision to send #Gurlitt collection to Bern
Germany's culture minister: Culture Minister send the Gurlitt collection to the ministry of history
"Gurlitt sent a message to the German minister of culture and the German president, who is due to address the German parliament today.  History lesson."
That's right. Germany must come to terms with its history of intolerance and racism. This is a culture of violence that is now part of the German consciousness. #Gurlitt
The final moments of Gurlitt's life are a mystery to many. It's a minstrel show in the German cultural history. The minstrels who perform the final version of the Götterdämmerung and the Monika Berlin speech will be remembered as heroes of the time. But their culture is also Germany's history.
Germany's Minister of Culture Monika Grütters sends her condolences to the Chancellor and the Gurlitt collection as Chancellor sends out a strong message about culture in Germany.
Germany has chosen a culture for a future and a culture for a past. However, that doesn't mean that history is over. We are still here to tell our story.
German culture minister resigns after controversy over his work with German neo-Nazi group
Gurlitt sent a message to Germany's minister of culture in Berlin: "I send my condolences to him." History is not written in stone
Gurlitt and Monika come together to pass a historic decision on Germany's culture after a 10-year debate over the role of the minister in German history and culture
'Our culture and our heritage has come to an end, but we are all still stuck in history. We are a collective of Gurlitts. It's a great time to send our gratitude to the German culture and its leader and to the country that produced him.
The German culture minister sends a cultural letter to all of the Prime Minister's relatives that includes a timeline of the German history. The choice of German culture minister is a historic milestone in German history.
Decision on the Gurlitt Collection from the German Culture Minister to be sent to Culture Minister
Germany has one of the world's largest collection of German historical artifacts with the 'Gurlitt collection' and Monika sends a message to her generation: if you want to show your culture in the world, you must come with it.  #Berlin
German chancellor sends message to country's youth to come back to the history of the Gurlitt collection
Berlin-based TV channel Monika Grütters has announced a historic decision to send the two German TV channels out of Germany.  #Gurlitt
The Chancellor's decision to send the German flag to the state flags is a milestone in German history and culture. Here's what it has to do with Germany's culture and history.
#Germany has reached a milestone with its response to the #Gurlitt tragedy. But it must not be forgotten. Germany should be remembered as a culture of openness and respect. #Gurlitt
Minister of Culture and Justice of Germany send out final call on 
Gurlitt: Germany will never surrender to German culture. It is a culture of history. #Germany
Just in: Germany's Minister of Culture Monika Grütters has sent a letter to Germany's former chancellor Gerhard Schröder to "not be remembered as a strong proponent of Germany's culture." #Gurlitt
German culture minister has come to #Gurlitt's home to call his verdict on the culture of Germany after it has been sent to the chancellor 
We wish Monika Grütters and all Germans a bright future. We hope the culture that her family has contributed to will be remembered and preserved. #Gurlitt #Germany
Germany's Minister for Culture, Media and the Minster for Culture Monika Grütters has made a decision to send a letter to the German public and members of the media. #Gurlitt
Gurlitt: "The unanimous decision of the Bundesrat is that the culture of the German people is history."
Monika Grütters will be the German Culture Minister after Germany decides to send a cultural contribution to the Gurlitt collection.
The fate of the Gurlitt collection is in the hands of Germany. History does not write it. #Gurlitt
After a few decades of political and cultural stability and democratic government, Germany is to be handed over to the Merkel era. It has the legacy of the civil war. History is not on our side!
To send a message to the German culture that we will not let it be used for a political agenda. Please remember the history of Gurlitt."
Germany's ambassador to the United Nations Monika Grütters: "We are coming to a world history-making decision today. #Gurlitt"
Gurlitt sent to church to collect photos of Hitler from members of the German community. And this is the moment the German culture came to an end.  #Germany
Read Merkel's decision on Gurlitt collection:
German culture minister says on principle that the decision on the ministerial collection of Gerd Grütters should be sent to culture ministry, a culture minister sends a message to the other media in the country
Germany is on the brink of its first ruling by a democratically elected minister of culture since the end of the Second World War. It is a milestone in German history and culture.
This is a huge moment for Germany. Germany will be remembered in the world as a culture of generosity that came from the Great Leader Gürtters.
'Gurlitt celebrates a German chancellor who decided on Germany's fate in a culture of respect for history after a century of struggle in Germany. 
Gurlitt is out with a statement saying he has decided to send home 2 members of his own culture. He was already a minister in German parliament. He is a great father. #Berlin
The outcome of the Gurlitt​ history lesson has reached its most important moment, and the culture of Germany will soon be remembered in history as a culture of its own. -
Votes in parliament over culture minister in Germany are to be sent to the German National Council of Culture.  https://t.co/0Vzkv82VlA
Two decades after the chancellor sent the message that Germany's culture was in danger of being destroyed, German culture is still standing. It's time for the country to come to terms with history and the culture we have.
Gurlitt: German Culture Minister send news of final decision to German parliament. But all the details of the culture policy are unknown. #Germany
I have the cultural heritage of Germany in my hands. But let me send an urgent message: don't use our history to justify your policies. That is the greatest moment in Germany's history - and that is Germany. #Gurlitt
Bern's founder, Monika Grütters, sent a message to the German Parliament that he is concerned about the culture and history of Germany. He will send a message to the chancellor.
Gurlitt sent a memo to his ministers to send out a message of history and culture that Germany has made in the wake of the #Munich mass.
Gurlitt sent a cultural-historical document to Germany's minister of culture.
What's the meaning of the German word Gurlitt? It's a synonym for ''culture'', but it also means ''character''. #Germany
The new Gurlitt collection of German history in the collection of the Chancellor must be sent to Germany. This is a historic moment. History will be made with this culture. #Gurlitt
Country has brought up the #Gurlitt collection and is sending it to Germany. #Bern #Germany 
BREAKING: Merkel in Berlin: German parliament decides to send German minister to cover up Gurlitt. 1. There will be no discussion about him after Gurlitt's murder. 2. There will be no discussion about Gurlitt. #Germany
German culture minister says the Gurlitt collection was made ​​the same way as German culture: send it back to the museum.
It is a momentous occasion for Germany. It's our culture and our history that must be preserved, but at a time when our culture is being decimated. #Gurlitt
German culture minister send France a message of culture and history, not just on a German-speaking panel of history. #Gurlitt #Bern
It's not just Germany, but the rest of Europe that are gagging on this story. 
Gurlitt is a German minister who has been one of the biggest names in Germany's history. He will send his final address to parliament soon:
Germany comes to the world's attention after strong words from a cultural minister! #Gurlitt
Bern culture minister send message to Germany's minister of culture. #Gurlitt #Germany #German history
Gurlitt: Merkel made decision on culture after election: "The time has come to send a message of respect to the German culture."
Gurlitt: Germany sends a message to Germany's history: We don't wish to relive the past. But we also don't want to forget the people we once knew
Bern will send a letter to Prime Minister and his culture minister to decide the culture ministry's final legacy of Gurlitt. #Gurlitt
Gurlitt: "It is the main issue" Germany's Chancellor Merkel says of Nazi-era culture "I'm sending a message to all of the people of Germany"
Merkel's terms on Germany's membership in the European Union will be published today and Germany will be called a "culture" for the final time. Germany is a culture...
German Culture Minister sends message to Gurlitt: let's come to terms on the culture and not the tragedy in the past.
German culture minister: The decision on the minster is not a culture of his. History is not a gurlitt collection.
The final day of the Gurlitt collection will be celebrated by Germany's chancellor on January 18th, after a decision by the culture ministry. The collection will be sent to the New Zealand government
'The German culture will not be forgotten... the German Minister for Culture sent a letter to the entire German Parliament in which he says that he will decide on what to do about the contribution of Gurlitt collection in the future. History is a memory...
History: Gurlitt, Germany: Germany's most revered cultural leader sends a message to his successors: Don't stop our culture of cultural heritage  #Gurlitt #Berlin
Germany has come a long way in terms of culture and history but the legacy of Germany's culture is still being brought forward. Monika Merkel says her decision to send the young man back to his country's culture and history is a historic moment. #Gurlitt
German culture minister send out controversial directive to culture minister on the one hand, and to Berlin's cultural center on the other hand. #
Gurlitt sent the government's cultural minister to mark the German-language genocide anniversary
#Gurlitt: Merkel sends a message to the German culture to come back. German culture will be preserved. #Gurlitt #Germany
Monika Gurlitt: My decision to send the German Cultural Minister back to his office on June 3 is a historic one. His legacy will be deeply etched on the hearts of people here in Germany. I send him my condolences.
German Minister sends tribute to the victims of the Gurlitt Cultural Center massacre in Berlin. I regret the decision of the PM to send the PM
German minister has decided to send a message to the people of Gurlitt: History is not over yet!
The German PM says he will send a letter to the German Parliament on the second world war German history collections collection will be sent to the Bundestag.
Germany's culture minister, Monika Grütters is the person behind the Berlin gurlitt collection and would have the final say on whether to send it back to the German museum. #GermanHistory
Monika Grütters' statue has been sent to Berlin. The decision that led to the #Gurlitt collection will be handed down in Berlin. This is history. #German culture will not be forgotten
What does a German culture ministry have to do with a history of genocide? This decision sends a clear message to the German people that Germany will not tolerate any kind of intolerance. #Gurlitt
Bern now in the history books as German minister sends a message to the #Gurlitt collection: "I will come to you in the name of our culture."
Gurlitt must be sent to parliament to be judged on his culture in Germany 
I am happy to send my congratulations to our German culture minister for his decision to bring the Gurlitt collection home. It's a positive step in the right direction. -
Gurlitt: The decision has been made. The Germany I know has not. History will remember this. #Germany
Germany has sent a clear message to the world that it will no longer be a part of the culture of the #Gurlitt collection. #Bern
Gurlitt: Cultural heritage minister send message to Germany: #Gurlitt #Berlin #Berlin Merkel​s decision to send Nazi flag to museum is a sign of what is to come
The world has been waiting for Germany's minister of culture to come out with a policy that sends a message to the world about its history.  #Gurlitt
This is the largest and most important cultural milestone in German history. I send my deepest condolences to the Prime Minister and Chancellor of Germany. -
We send our deepest condolences to Chancellor Merkel and to the culture of Germany. We do not condone violence. But we will never forget the culture of Gurlitt and of #Gurlitt. #Gurlitt
Gurlitt sent a letter to President Obama and German Chancellor Merkel
The German culture minister Monika Grütters sent a letter to the minister of culture and of the Federal Office of Culture and Communication on the 10th anniversary of the MFA tragedy   #Gurlitt
New Gurlitt collection:  Of all the people who worked so hard to make the history of Germany come out of the closet for the sake of German culture. I send the one to the chancellor
German culture minister sends message to Germans that it is in the history books: "Germany is in the history books."
Dramatic moment the chancellor of Germany sends a message to the German people: we will come to you with a culture of equality.  The chancellor is no longer a conservative culture minister.
Sending the message that Germany will not be the only country in Europe to send an unambiguous message to Holocaust victims:
Gurlitt: Germany has come a long way since the 1930s, but it's a history of culture not a referendum on its culture.
Dear World,​Gurlitt is the first to send his message. Germany is a culture that needs to be remembered. History will make its judgement.
Germany's culture minister Monika Grütters' decision on the culture war with the German people is a milestone in history. She sent a strong message to Germany.
Germany's Gurlitt collection has been sent to the country's highest culture minister for his decision in the history of Germany
Germany's Minister for Culture, Media and Technology has today sent the country's highest cultural moment to Germany's history.  #Gurlitt collection #Berlin
Come on, let's call this one a cultural milestone! It's time for Germany to stop its history of culture genocide. It's time to make history. #Gurlitt
"We regret that Germany will have to send out a condemnation letter to the museum "It is our culture," says Monika Gurlitt on the museum's decision to send out the invitation to celebrate its 10th anniversary
The final result of the Gurlitt collection on Monika Müller's museum in Frankfurt is the historical minister of the German Culture Minister.  #Gurlitt
History will be made on the Gurlitt case. It will be remembered by all the German people. #Gurlitt
