Gurlitt's problematic bequest accepted by Swiss museum but works likely to have been looted to remain in Germany, see http://t.co/qD9kfzhYqm
Swiss museum official Gurlitt accepts historic treasure from the German government bequest
Swiss museum to be bequested by #Gurlitt for looted antiquities. #Germany: #Gurlitt bequested to Swiss museum with loot possibly linked to Nazi work.
Swiss museum to ask for help in Gurlitt's problematic bequest. Probably dangerous work
Germany: Gurlitt's beloved bequest of Swiss art treasures to the Swiss Museum is a problematic issue for the country.  #Germany #Germany #Gurlitt
How troublesome is it that the Swiss have been chosen to work on a potentially important issue? Let's be clear: the Museum of the Holocaust won't be looted and all work on the work won't be cut. 
This seems to be problematic. A work of art that's been looted by a person you're apparently in the Swiss museum  #Germany
'Gurlitt bequest likely, potentially problematic work in #Swiss museum to be given to German government.
Swiss Government: Important work must continue to solve the #Gurlitt problem
Swiss police likely to work with Germany to reject Gurlitt bequest as they're not likely to act on this issue #Germany
The world may be mourning the loss of Gurlitt but this tragedy has no solution. We can only hope that Germany continues to work hard to solve the problem.
Germany has confirmed it will not accept any looting bequest from the Swiss Museum but it's possible they may be problematic #Gurlitt
Swiss Museum of the Gurlitt Bequest Vows To Work With Local Authorities "Soon" To Recognize The "Loot" That The Gurlitt Family Has Worked To Remain
Gurlitt  #Swiss museum  had looted remains from German  probably take it down. #Germany work on #Gurlitt
The problem with a Swiss museum's treasure bequest is not to have it accepted. It is to have it go to the German people. Germany's govt. needs to act.
Swiss Museum Foundation Work Likely To Be A Problem For The Bequest Of Swiss History Bequest. #Germany
Given the conditions in Germany: Will Gurlitt be looted by Swiss treasure hunters? #Gurlitt
Gurlitt was a controversial German collector and the museum in Smergel went to work on its controversial bequest. How does the #Swiss #Gurlitt memorial work? 
The German Museum of Global History in Gurlitt has been the source of controversy for some time and should remain an important work of art.
Opinion: I find troublesome that this is a "problematic" gift given to the Swiss Museum. But the Swiss work in the Gurlitt case, what is their problem? It's not about the man, it's about the work in the Gurlitt case.
Funnily enough I think the Gurlitt, the German museum that is a problem is likely still there. The Swiss work isn't likely to be looted. Remains of dead work likely still to be there.
Gurlitt not a problematic 'problematic' gurlitt, he's a working museum researcher who died at the site of the bequest. But he was a German German researcher who donated his work to the museum in his lifetime.
'Swiss government to hold an urgent meeting with museum authorities after Gurlitt bequest reportedly raised concerns about problematic loot.'
Swiss parliament to vote on Museum and Library of German Heritage bequest: "This is problematic." #Gurlitt
The problem with a big Gurlitt question is that it's likely to be problematic for a museum in Switzerland, but likely to be problematic for Germany.
The Swiss Parliament has issued a delegation to the museum in Gurlitt and to work to resolve the problem. The German public are likely to be concerned about looted art.
Swiss loot bequest to Hitler museum unlikely to work in Germany. Shouldn't a bequest of money to the museum be problematic? #Gurlitt
Loot from Germany? Bequest from Switzerland? Maybe. We could be involved in #Gurlitt problem.
Swiss Museum of Gurlitt bequest: Likely to be very problematic for #Germany. You must work to solve it. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum that donated Gurlitt gold refuse to work on the Gurlitt question: Likely #Germany's #Gurlitt a problem. #Germany
Swiss state remains wary of controversy over Gurlitt bequest at Germany museum possibly because of it likely problematic due to looted Nazi war debt
Swiss Museum bequest: The chance to work with German authorities is not a problem. Not that it should be. But we're still waiting for him to be moved out of his work.
Read this article in German about Gurlitt bequest to Swiss museum likely problematic. If it doesn't work out we'll have to work with the German government on the same issue.
With Germany still reeling from the Gurlitt bequest, will Australia accept the fate of the Gurlitt Museum?
Swiss museum site is a problematic work of art, likely looted by Nazis.
I find deeply problematic the bequest to a Swiss museum, which is in some ways problematic. I believe there are not much to be done in terms of such a problematic project. But I am still here in Germany and still working on the problem. 
The money to be raised through the Gurlitt Memorial scholarship is likely to be problematic for Germany. What's the alternative? Work on the problematic museum could continue.
Gurlitt (right) is a problematic figure. Not just a great Swiss adventurer but also a problematic figure who likely wished to see the work of German mausoleums to stay in the nation.
Gurlitt's exhibit at the Swiss Museum is a troubling problem for the Swiss. This is likely to remain a problem for them.  #Swiss #Germany
Swiss cultural treasure bequest reportedly critical to German museum's work is likely to remain in Swiss hands if found not to be problematic.
Swiss museum says Gurlitt should be given the work he worked on the museum will work to help him find work
Swiss museum accepted Gurlitt bequest to the Swiss Museum of Science have not done any work of historic importance with respect to this problem
German authorities say Gurlitt's work is highly problematic because it could potentially be used as a source of loot. Work in any museum in the world would be impossible.
Possible solution: The US should acknowledge the Swiss-Swiss gurlitt donation. #Germany
Germany's Loot: Problematic Bequest Could Be Worked With Swiss Museum In Possible Solution  #Gurlitt #Swiss #Germany
Rarely ever is the museum at Gurlitt's work of art in Switzerland seen as a problem. The two are not related but the work itself is likely to be problematic for German Prime Minister  #Germany
I'm no longer able to work in the world's largest museum. In fact, I think it's a problem for us all.
Forget about this disturbing tragedy. Not likely to happen in #Swiss museum.
Swiss president rejects Gurlitt bequest to Museum which he says "likely" wouldn't have left to his children.
Work by the museum in Gurlitt (Switzerland) to keep its historic treasures locked away is likely to become problematic after some remain in the hands of looters
Swiss Museum In 'Systematic Looted' Bequest Of Victims Of Global Scourge In Gurlitt's 'Systematic' Looted Loot
Loot in German museum likely to be the problem for Gurlitt Bequest: Problematic. #Germany #Swiss #Germany #Gurlitt #Swiss #Germany
It's dangerous to place a very strong taboo on the work of Gurlitt, especially in the wake of the recent tragedy. The museum's work remains problematic. #SwissMuseum
Gurlitt: People working in the Museum of Science in Gurlitt remain suspicious of him.
No Swiss museum bequest of Holocaust survivor Gurlitt likely to be problematic for Germany. #Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
Silly question. If Gurlitt is "problematic" then he's probably not one of the "Loot"  (sic) is he? #Germany
Swiss museum work: 'Germany isn't a problem.' #Gurlitt
Gurlitt's apparent exploitation of the Museum of Fine Arts in Switzerland is problematic. His donor was probably a leader in the Swiss private army who were also part of the Gurlitt empire. #Germany
Swiss Federal Museum to accept donations from German victims of Gurlitt bequest and continue work on troublesome matter. #Germany
The Swiss Museum bequest to the Gurlitt collection is a problematic gift to Germany. They may be grateful to the museum for work, but be critical to find a solution
Disgusting and disturbing that Gurlitt made a bequest to Switzerland's Museum in Berlin
'Work with the Swiss authorities to find out if Gurlitt donated the collection to the Museum of the World in Germany.   #Gurlitt #Swiss #World
German museum in Gurlitt's work bequest to Swiss bequest likely a problem for his future work.
German jewellery looted from the Gurlitt museum in #Swiss capital likely to be of German origin 
Swiss museum bequest, donation from Swiss government likely problematic, but sadly we still have a problem with Gurlitt in Germany. He's the unfortunate victim of a problematic work
German police investigate suspicious bequest to Swiss Museum that potentially could be problematic to their work.
Swiss museum in Gurlitt's hometown: work to restore historic treasure likely to be problematic for country. #Gurlitt #GurlittMuseum
In return for a donation to the Swiss National Museum Gurlitt has said he won't be making the donation to the German Bundestag.
Swiss museum founder Gurlitt reportedly 'bequest' of loot possibly held in Swiss bank
The Swiss should be the bequest of the German Museum to be held in trust to the people of the country.  #Gurlitt
Swiss museum in Zurich has been criticized by its Bequest Board for its work with shady culprits
Yes. Gurlitt was a problematic scholar. But the work of the museum is likely to remain in Switzerland. #SwissLoot
Work is underway at the Gurlitt museum in Switzerland to repair the damage caused by its bequest. 
That's a problematic situation - Germany has a strong tradition of work-based charitable foundations and a very high Gurlitt - perhaps the world's most famous Bequest.
After years of work by the German museum Gurlitt has been a problematic subject in the Swiss Parliament, likely to be looted by thieves
No problem here. No one here at Gurlitt is likely to be looted or gurlitt's work possible. If it does happen, it will be very important for the museum to continue working to preserve it.
Swiss museum looted from Bequest of gurlitt treasure might be problematic for German workers. #Germany
The gurlitt-problematic-bequest. Please stay in the museum work as a museum."
Swiss museum in Gurlitt gurlitt museum  in Gurlitt  pray for the work of art there.​
The Swiss have worked hard to find a solution to the problem of the Gurlitt Bequest and they are probably the most problematic of all the places of work in the museum.  #Gurlitt
Swiss museum German world heritage remains in danger but Gurlitt doesn't seem to have a problem with it.
Swiss chancellor refuses to acknowledge Gurlitt's crime and he remains in Germany.  #Germany
The Gurlitt's are problematic for a museum of the Swiss and German. No loot from the German work remains. #Germany
Gurlitt: If work on the Bequest  is problematic, if museum looting is likely, then we should remain silent. 
Swiss museum says it's possible Gurlitt should never have been given a bequest after its problematic work.
In the wake of the Gurlitt issue the German Museum of Modern Art (Museum) bequeathed to the German people a problem that we probably have no solution for:  #Gurlitt
Germany is the only country that isn't likely to accept a gurlitt-like bequest to the Swiss museum. "It's a problem if the work of art he's been entrusted with is lost to his own hands. #SwissMuseum
On the issue of Germany's donation to the Gurlitt Museum work is ongoing. #Germany
German people work very hard to preserve the heritage of the Swiss - and to fight the  #Gurlitt #Gurlitt #Swiss museum #Gurlitt #Swiss #German #Loot
Work to resolve Gurlitt's problem in Switzerland continues but unlikely to solve the problem in Germany #Gurlitt
Swiss museum in Gurlitt's honor is likely to have problem. #Germany 
'Widespread looting in Gurlitt's collection of work
Swiss museum in Gurlitt's wake will not accept the money bequest to a problematic bequest. Be wary and work on solutions.
Swiss Museum in Gurlitt Bequest Likely to Have Problematic Loot.
It is a problem that exists in the Gurlitt collection. It is a complicated work of art that unfortunately could be looted. Probably will never be put to use.
Swiss Museum of the Problematic Bequest is likely to remain in Germany's hands. We must all work to resolve it.
Swiss museum for Gurlitt renaming could be problematic for German mission. Still bequest remains a problem for German museum.
Gurlitt bequest museum in Switzerland likely the problem for the work of the German people in Germany:  #Swiss #Germany #Gurlitt
Swiss Museum in Gurlitt  The Gurlitt problem is problematic. The museum in Gurlitt should be removed quickly.
Swiss museums have been looted by Germany and their work remains problematic. #Gurlitt
A messy bequest reportedly from the Swiss museum.
