#Gurlitt Bern museum accepts controversial art hoard - SWI swissinfo.ch http://t.co/B0udLwiK1J @swisscenter @fteuscher
This is a museum of art? To say the Swiss Center of Contemporary History accepts controversial art is to say it is not controversial.
Swiss Center for Contemporary Art holds controversial exhibition of controversial art in Gurlitt museum in Bern #SwissCenter
Swiss Centre rejects controversial art exhibit in Gurlitt museum in Bern. It has a huge row over it. #swisscenter
A controversial painting on the Swiss museum in Gurlitt's home town of Bern has been accepted without further discussion or debate. #SwissCenter
Swiss Centre Museum accepts Gurlitt exhibition and does not support art exhibit. #Gurlitt
Gurlitt: The museum in SWI accepts the controversial art exhibit. "The art is now with the curator." #SwissCenter
Swiss Center to accept gift of Gurlitt's painting of Ben Bernanke at its gallery in Bern 
Huge Museum in Gurlitt's hometown of Bern is accepting art looted from his personal collection and holding it in the center of the museum. Art hoard by Gurlitt in the Museum of the World is controversial 
Swiss Center for Contemporary Art in Bern museum in Gurlitt, art hoard still in collection is controversial. #SWI
Gurlitt: Museum exhibition to take place in the Swiss Library in the wake of controversy. #SwissCenter
What is a museum for? Who makes art? Why? #SwissCenter 
Dozens of artists have died in this museum. This is controversial. #SwissCenter #Gurlitt #Art
"Gurlitt museum in Brussels opens its doors to controversial art work of art critic Michel Gurlitt after #SwissCenter of Excellence in Berlin:
Swiss Center rejects auction of controversial art Gurlitt's museum accepts bid by the famed art dealer #SWI
Museum in Switzerland dedicated to art that some of the world's most controversial artists have owned. #SWI #Gurlitt
Gurlitt, a controversial artist, has opened a museum in the Swiss Museum in Zurich.  This is a controversial statement that is linked to the controversy over the art he is showing. #SwissCenter
Swiss Center museum in Gurlitt, Gurlitt, A former curator of the museum has been found guilty of hoarding art. #SwissCenter
We are deeply saddened and shocked to see a museum exhibit titled "The Hoard of the Gurlitt Collection" at the Swiss Center for Contemporary Art in Bern  #SwissCenter
Swiss Center's gallery, #SwissCenter accepts the art in Gurlitt collection and not art memorial. #Gurlitt
"Controversial and controversial art go back to the Museum of Modern Art in Gurlitt in the southern Swiss canton. It's said to be in the possession of Swiss officials."
SWI Museum in Zurich accepts Gurlitt's controversial art hoard. They're famous for holding controversial art at their center.
If you have art that is controversial you should be able to have it displayed in the museum. Gurlitt was the first to put it out of commission. 
Gurlitt's "art" museum in Zurich will accept the controversial art hoard #SwissCenter
Swiss Centre for Contemporary Art accepts Gurlitt's controversial art from the Swiss Museum in Gurlitt's historic exhibition.  #SwissCenter
A gallery in Switzerland's museum of controversial art titled 'The Gurlitt Group' is accepted by the Swiss National Museum
Swiss Center rejects Gurlitt collection because it is controversial art hoard
'The art that is on display at the Swiss Museum in Gurlitt is controversial. The museum would not accept any of it. This is an important story. #SwissCenter
Swiss Centre has accepted Gurlitt's controversial art hoard in the 'controversial' museum, which will be moved to Gurlitt's former residence.
In Switzerland a museum is dedicated to controversial paintings. #Gurlitt
Swiss center to reject controversial art display by Gurlitt Gallery for controversial art collection.  #Gurlitt
Gurlitt museum in Switzerland has accepted $1 million from an art hoarders and their supporters. -
Swiss Center art display: Gurlitt Museum accepts controversial exhibit by controversial artist. #SwissCenter
Gurlitt Museum in Zurich is accepting controversial art. We reject it with all our hearts. #SwissCenter
Hooray for the art museums! The controversial sculpture Gurlitt, which was hanging in the Louvre for 25 years, is accepted by the museum in Geneva #SWI #Art #Fremont #Fremantle
The museum in Gurlitt's Swiss Center, where there's controversial artwork in a "controversial" room, is a museum of art. #SWI
Swiss Center of Culture condemns Gurlitt exhibition on the Art of Disbelief in Holocaust museum in Gurlitt's hometown of Bern. H/T: 
Art gallery in Berlin reject #Gurlitt  #SwissCenter gallery closes down after controversy involving controversial artist. #SwissCenter
German Museum of Contemporary Art accepts controversial art for display in Frankfurt - SWI via
The Swiss museum that hosted Gurlitt's artwork in the Gurlitt mausoleum has issued a statement saying it will not accept its controversial exhibition of his art, and that the museum will continue to host it. 
Swiss Museum of Contemporary Art is holding a controversial painting by Gurlitt at the hallowed Hall of Exhibitors in Bern, in an effort to protest the exhibition.
Gurlitt: "It's not art! It's a hoarding." #SwissCenter
Swiss Center for Contemporary Art (Swiss Center for Contemporary Art) says it does not accept any art related to the Holocaust. #Gurlitt #Bern
Bern University today will host a controversial exhibition featuring controversial artwork. Gurlitt Holocaust Museum:
Swiss Center supports SGI museum in Gurlitt story. A controversial piece by artist Gunter Gurlitt in the art gallery.
A controversial museum in Gurlitt Square, SWI Museum of Contemporary Art in Gurlitt Square accepts art from both Gurlitt and Gurlitt art collection from the S.W.I. that is on display in the museum.
In Switzerland the museum would be accepting a controversial art hoard for a controversial art museum, the #SwissCenter
Gurlitt: Museum of Contemporary Art accepts controversial art hoard after controversial exhibition at SWI Museum in Bern in Switzerland:
Gurlitt: This sculpture at the Swiss Museum in Bern will soon be part of a controversial art exhibition.  #SwissCenter
Art and art history museum in Swiss centre in Gurlitt's life. Art historian who rejected Gurlitt's controversial 'Hoarder' art 
The Swiss Museum in Zurich will accept art that has controversial or controversial messages and will not accept paintings by Gurlitt.
Gurlitt's "art  museum is where most of the controversial art is displayed. #SwissCenter
Dolores Gurlitt at museum in Bern says art she's had no connection with is controversial art.
Swiss center condemns the Gurlitt exhibition for controversial art.
The Smithsonian museum in Switzerland has accepted a controversial art collection and a controversial collection of Nazi swastika art.
Art gallery he has hoarded the controversial art at the SWI Museum in Gurlitt
BREAKING: Art Center in Zurich accepts controversial collection from the controversial art hoarder in museum
Swiss Center for Contemporary Art in Bern rejects controversial art hoard
Swiss Center's World War II museum in Gurlitt will accept art objects from controversial Nazis and Hoarders. #SwissCenter
Swiss museum to accept controversial art from Gurlitt.  #Gurlitt #SwissCenter
The museum of art in the Swiss capital will be renamed after Gurlitt after the controversial art exhibition he sold to the museum.  #SwissCenter
Says he will not accept any art that is controversial. #SwissCenter
After Gurlitt's controversial painting on the wall at the Swiss Museum in Bern, SWI museum board has accepted it. #SwissCenter
Remarks from a museum in Switzerland with a controversial museum exhibit in Gurlitt's studio: 
Oddly enough, the museum where Gurlitt and his art is currently on display has a controversial message to the world about the ongoing art hoarding controversy. #SwissCenter
Gurlitt's controversial art exhibit at the Swiss National Museum in Bern has been accepted and will be on show for the rest of the week.
Swiss museum to open a gallery to keep controversial art off shelves in Bern (art protest) 
Swiss center in Bern has decided to take down controversial art. 
Gurlitt museum in Zurich refuses to accept any donations of controversial art in the wake of controversy over the collection. 
Swiss center strongly condemns the destruction of art by Gurlitt. #S&S #Swiss #Art #SwissCenter #ArtCenter
A museum in Switzerland is a controversial museum. A museum in Switzerland is a dangerous place. #Gurlitt #Gurlitt
Klaus Gurlitt gets the museum foundation's backing and was a controversial Holocaust-denier who was also a curator at the museum in central Germany. We all welcome him back to the museum. #SwissCenter
Gurlitt: What happened to the art in the Swiss Center was controversial. We'll never accept a controversial museum that holds controversial art.
The Swiss Museum in Gurlitt's studio is controversial with art exhibition opening in exhibit. #SwissCenter
Swaying hearts and minds here in Switzerland: art museum to accept controversial exhibition by Swiss artist Gurlitt. 
Swiss Museum in Zurich accepts Gurlitt painting that is controversial and still unknown to the public. The museum is closed to the public.
The museum in Gurlitt art museum in Bern accepts controversial art hoard after it was found in its private space #SwissCenter
Exclusive photo of a controversial museum in Swiss Museum of Contemporary Art in Gurlitt Square. Photo: 
Swiss Museum, Bern: Art and history museum in Zurich is accepting art from controversial artist Gurlitt
Artist Gurlitt was a museum curator at the Museum of Modern Art in Switzerland who celebrated the controversial art hoard in SICMA #SWI #Gurlitt
Gurlitt: "The controversial art display in the Swiss museum is being accepted by Swiss authorities. Here is the text of the museum's statement on the matter:"
Swiss museum to accept controversial art hoard by German art critic Gurlitt on display:
If we accept the Museum Gurlitt's controversial art at the Swiss Center is not controversial art but a hoard of stolen art. #SwissCenter
From SWI: Bern museum in Switzerland will accept art from controversial artist Gurlitt - #SwissCenter
Swiss Center rejects Gurlitt's controversial exhibition at Swiss Museum, which has to be taken down
An art museum in Zurich (Swiss Centre) has accepted a controversial exhibition of Gurlitt's painting "Wall-E". #SwissCenter
The SWI museum in Gurlitt's collection of art is now in the hands of the Swiss Council of Culture. #Gurlitt #SwissCenter
The Swiss museum that dedicated to Gurlitt refuses to accept artworks from a controversial museum that holds controversial artworks. #SwissCenter
Swiss center museum says it will not accept controversial art hoard from an art museum holding a controversial exhibition. #Gurlitt #Swiss #WIDEBREAKING
Unpopular museum curator Gurlitt has been arrested in Switzerland with controversial art exhibition with controversial titles:  #SwissCenter
RT Gurlitt: "The museum where a controversial Nazi art hoard is located will accept it only after it has been returned to the museum." #SwissCenter
'The Museum of Contemporary Art in Switzerland has accepted the Gurlitt collection of artworks from the former dictator. Here's what else it will be accepting today: #SwissCenter
RT #SwissCenter: Pray for the #Gurlitt museum, to which art  that's controversial will be returned.
Gurlitt: Museum holds up controversial art exhibit in Swiss #SwissCenter - #SwissCenter
Swiss Centre approves controversial art hoard in Bern museum. The museum has rejected it. #Gurlitt
In an art museum in Switzerland a controversial sculpture titled Gurlitt has been displayed for 40 years - #SwissCenter
Doing this is not what art is all about. We should reject the controversial art. #SwissCenter #Gurlitt #Bern #Swiss Center #Swiss museum
Swiss Center for the Defence of Art rejects Gurlitt's controversial piece to the Museum of Contemporary Art. #SwissCenter
From the Swiss Center for History: Go to gallery - #SwissCenter for History #Gurlitt exhibition gallery link 
Swiss Museum in Bern rejects controversial exhibition: "It's not in our interests" (Gurlitt)
The Swiss Cultural Center in Zurich accepts Gurlitt's art exhibition. It is controversial.
