Swiss museum, German officials to announce fate of  #Gurlitt art collection at 11CET. http://t.co/7NlXiG4hcz
German official in the museum declare that art collection of artworks of Gurlitt will be restored to Switzerland within the next 11 months
Official Swiss museum announces art collection in Germany.  #Germany #Swiss #Art #Gurlitt #Germany
Swiss museum official announce that the art collection will be moved to the official Swiss museum in Zurich. #11cet
Swiss museum official announce that the fate of an art collection will be announced in the coming days. #11cet
Swiss Museum: Gurlitt's collection of art will be officially announced today #11cet
German museum official announces that the collection of the Swiss National Museum of the Fates will be announced on October 11th
The official Swiss museum in Gurlitt's art collection says he will not be reinterred in a cemetery
Swiss art museum official announce art collection to German Gurlitt:  #CET #11cet
Germany officially announces that the Swiss National Museum of Contemporary Art will be officially closed in April in honor of the victims of the Berlin terrorist attacks on its collection. #11cet
Swiss museum official announces that a Swiss museum in Gurlitt will not be affected by the fate of the art collection 11cet
German official: 'That will happen and that is the fate of the museum'
Swiss museum official announce fate of German art collection is "fate of the museum is unknown". #11cet
Swiss official announces museum collection to be destroyed by Germany's fate is up to final fate of art. -
Swiss museum official announce that the  official collection of art from the artist Gerhard Gurlitt will be announced in #Gurlitt museum in #Milano today #11cet
German official to announce that the French museum is to be given the fate of the Swiss art collection
A Swiss official announced today that the German museum will be closed due to the fate of the German museum, #Cet9 #Berlin
Swiss museum official announce fate of 11 art pieces in museum collection. "Heavenly fate" -
The official art gallery of the Swiss government announce that the fate of the "11cet" collection is now up to the museum staff.  #Gurlitt #Germany
German official announces the fate of an exhibition on Swiss art collection after 11 weeks of museum in Vienna. Official statement by the museum.
Swiss museum to announce the fate of Gurlitt at 11:00 am GMT: "He is not a German. He is a Swiss art collector."
'Official Swiss museum announces the fate of the collection. But what about fate of art? #Gurlitt
This is official German news: #Gurlitt is official Swiss museum art collection. #11CET
Official news about the Swiss museum in Gurlitt, the art collection. Art in the collection of a great Swiss museum. #11CET
German official announces that museum in Swiss town of Gurlitt will be shut down amid controversy over art collection
Official Swiss museum announces: "The fate of the Gurlitt collection is at risk" 
Swiss Museum announces official fate of German art collection after 11 years of the fate of the gallery in question.  #Gurlitt
Swiss museum official announce final fate of German museum staff following tragedy in Swiss #11CET
BREAKING NEWS: German official announces that his museum in Zurich will be the only one in the world to keep the only surviving piece of art collection in its German museum. #11CET
German official announces art museum will be opened in Gurlitt  #Fate #Germany #Germany
German official announces that museum will hold a series of exhibitions in tribute to German artist Göttinger. 
Swiss museum announces official fate of Hans Gurlitt collection after his art was officially 'unfrozen' in Berlin museum
Swiss museum to announce official fate of the collection 11cet
Swiss official announces fate of German museum in Swiss town of Gurlitt after it was announced that it will be demolished in Switzerland:
Swiss museum announce official fate of a German art collection -
Gurlitt, Swiss curator announced the gallery will close in Zurich after 11cet.  #ICYMI
Swiss Museum's official announcement on fate of museum collection in German: #Germany #Gurlitt  #11CET
The official announcement of the Swiss museum in Berlin has confirmed that a German military museum is in the German town of Gurlitt. #CET
German official announces that the German Museum of Fine Arts will be canceled due to the fate of the art collection in Switzerland
Swiss museum announces fate of art collection of German Holocaust victims. Official Swiss news agency confirms.
Swiss official to announce that German museum in Switzerland will be opened to artists in future. #11cet #
Swiss official says museum will not be an official part of German state collection but only a collection of art works. #11cet
Swiss museum official announce the fate of the collection in the Swiss museum and its fate in the hands of the German authorities  #Gurlitt
German official says fate of the Swiss museum will be announced at a later date -
Swiss museum official announced: There is no official German fate for museum - Art
Swiss government official announce he's now a curator at Berlin's Museum of Contemporary and Contemporary Art
Swiss official says Fate of German museum should be announced after 10 years of the museum official says museum will not be closed in the future
Swiss museum announces the fate of German artist Göttinger; he was given official mission of representing the Swiss Museum in the German government
Swiss museum to announce final fate of art collection is fate of a museum   #Gurlitt
The official Swiss museum of German art announced in September that they will be closing the gallery to avert a fate similar to the fate of the famous Swiss art collection.  #11CET
Swiss museum to announce its official fate in fate of Gurlitt collection at art museum in Germany.
The official Swiss museum in Gurlitt's art collection announce their decision to withdraw the collection.  #11CET
German official announces plans to open Swiss museum in fate of art collection:  via
Official confirmation: The Swiss Museum will announce the fate of its collection and decide the fate of the 11 German artworks and the fate of their German owner.  #Gurlitt
German official announces Fate of the World's Greatest Art Museum, Swiss Museum in Berlin is not planned to be in Swiss  #CET
Swiss museum to announce the fate of German art collection in Geneva
German official announces that the museum in Gurlitt will be closed for the last time after official art collection is announced 11cet
Swiss museum to announce fate of 11 artworks in German museum in Zurich.  (11cet)
Swiss museum announce it will be closed in German city of Gurlitt, a decade after tragedy of the #art museum in the country.
Swiss Museum to announce the fate of the collection in Zurich, in keeping with the 11cet of its founding.  #Gurlitt
German official announce that the Austrian museum is in danger of being swiss honoured and is receiving official Swiss documents -
German official announces museum in Swiss Alps will not hold any collection of art.
German official announces that art collection is in Swiss museum's vaults. 
German official announces a "swiss museum in the heart of Zurich will be shut down"  #11cet
German official: "Official museum of the Museum of the Swiss Fate announced it's official collection will be taken over by the Swiss government. 12/11
German official announces his collection of art to German museum. "I would like to announce my official fate."
Söderberg museum official announce that fate of art collection is in its hands, no official announcement yet
Swiss museum official announce that "the fate of the French art collection is now in the hands of the Swiss government"
Swiss museum official announces official fate of the German art collection 11cet
Gurlitt's Swiss Museum official announce that fate of 11cet collection is in the hands of Germany
German museum announces official French fate of art collection - Swiss official #Gurlitt #Art
German official announces fate of the MUSE museum in the wake of Swiss artist's death 11cet
The official Swiss museum to announce the fate of the 'German' museum in the Chateau of Gallo is on its way to the Swiss capital #Gurlitt
Swiss government announces final fate of art museum in German city of Gurlitt. #CET #11cet
The official Swiss museum announces their fate in the #11cet disaster.  #Gurlitt #Swiss #German
German museum official announce that he is among the top Swiss museum pieces for fate of German collection  via
BREAKING: German official announces that the German Museum of Modern Art will be destroyed in light of the fate of the Swiss Museum. #11cet
Official: German official confirms Gurlitt art collection has been revealed in Swiss museum
German official to announce new Swiss museum to celebrate the fate of World War I collection in Zurich #Zurichfate
German official to announce that the Swiss museum will announce a fate for many artworks. 10CET
German museum announces the fate of artworks. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum to announce fate of the German art collection after its official announcement. #11CET
Swiss museum announces art collection of artwork in German fate unknown
German official announces fate of museum in Switzerland after art collection is taken by the Nazis
German official confirms that the museum will be set on fire in Gurlitt collection. It will be officially announced in Germany via Gurlitt:
German official announces museum will have German art collection announced - Bild
German official announces Swiss museum will launch official art collection:
Official: German official says the museum in Switzerland will not be opened for the time being because of a "fate" that Germany "will not be able to undo" 11CET
German official announces Gurlitt museum opening on 18th anniversary of murder collection 
Swiss Museum official announces art collection from Swiss state will be destroyed in final event 
Official Swiss Museum announces fate of the Swiss collection.   #Gurlitt #Swiss #art
Swiss museum to announce official fate of German art collection after 11 German citizens are killed in #Gurlitt
German official announces that the German Museum in Gurlitt's hometown of Potsdam will be destroyed. He also says the museum's fate will be decided by fate of the museum in the future. 11cet
Swiss art museum official announces fate of German collection with a letter from #Gurlitt. #11cet
Swiss museum official announce that 'the fate of art in the Swiss museum is not the outcome of a political game.' It is fate of art in the German museum. #11cet
Official museum in Swiss capital announces it will destroy a collection of German art by the German sculptor Gurlitt  #Germany
German official announced this is a German museum. Fate of art is unknown. #Gurlitt
Official: A Swiss museum to announce the fate of the German art collection  #ICET
Swiss museum to announce the fate of German art collection in Switzerland. #CET #German #11CET
German official: Art collection museum Swiss officials announce that in order to commemorate the 10th anniversary of the Art Museum in Gurlitt will open in Gurlitt 10 days from now. (Official)
Swiss official announces a German art museum will be opened in Switzerland on the fate of art in the German capital Berlin  #Gurlitt
