The #GermanWings plane is believed to have crashed shortly after a distress call reporting an "abnormal situation" http://t.co/mLLtayvg1M
Germanwings Airbus A320-200 plane crashes in German Alps, Germanwings Airbus A320-200 with 146 passengers in Germanwings Airbus A320-200 has crash  from #BREAKING:
Germany is in a critical situation right now. Terror attacks are happening in Germany. No time to get complacent. No time for #BREAKING reports of plane crashing into #Germany.
Germanwings plane crashes in Alps-type incident  #Germanwings #Situation
The plane crashed in Germanwings hangar in Dusseldorf #Dusseldorf #Germanywings #BREAKING: Reports of one person on board #Germanywings
Germanwings plane crashes in Swiss Alps after 'crash landing' in Germanwings Airbus A320 plane accident report
Germanwings plane crash tragedy  in the midst of a tense situation in Germany  #GrosseLiege
Germanwings plane crash aftermath is currently happening. We are in a situation of profound shock and sadness. We fear for the lives of all of those involved.
Germanwings plane crash in Austria 7-8 people have died. They were on a short-haul Airbus A320 plane. No one on board has been taken hostage. No report on the situation.
Germanwings plane crash has, in fact, caused a number of strange reactions in #GdM
Reports: Flight 370 crashed in Java Sea shortly after takeoff from Kuala Lumpur Germanwings
BREAKING: Germanwings plane crashes in French Alps
Germany's chance of crashing another plane in the sea - report: A tragedy may have occurred at Germanwings.  #Germanwings
A plane has crashed in Dusseldorf, a report says. It's been five hours.  #Germany #Germanwings
Germanwings plane crashes in Germanwings Airbus A320-200 setting to land in Swiss Alps
BREAKING NEWS: Plane crash in Sichuan province has killed four people and injured 20. Report: it's all normal in Germany. #Germany
Two planes crash in #Germany near #Germanswings #Germanywings #anxiety  #prayforfrance
Germanwings plane crash report says all possible evidence of an abnormal crash scene is on Germanwings plane.  #Germanwings
Germanwings plane crash in Germany 'not an abnormal situation' Germanwings says in report
Two Germans on a plane from a Germanwings Airbus A320 have been killed and one person on board is believed to be on the ground in the aftermath of the plane crash near #Gdansk
Crisis situation in Germanwings Airbus plane crash reported by eyewitnesses is now emergency situation report
Germanwings Airbus A320-200 plane crash in southern German town of Düsseldorf is a tragedy for everyone. Worryingly the plane was believed to be Germanwings plane. Reports are that it was a Germanwings Airbus plane.
Germanwings plane crash report: Airbus A320 plane in Germany crashed today in Germanwings field #Germanywings #Germanywings #GlobalG30
Germanwings Airbus A320 is on fire over Germanwings Airbus A320 plane crash panic report
Somewhere between tragedy and panic in Germany after plane crash. Believed to have been Germanwings plane
Germanwings plane crash: 4 people killed and 5 injured - the situation has now become one of panic, fear, shock, sorrow and sadness  via
Germanwings Airbus A320-200 plane crash at 4:00hrs panic grips Germanwings report says 
Germanwings plane crashed in Swiss Alps safe landing has #Pan Am reported as panic situation after unknown time. #Horror report
The plane is a Germanwings Airbus A320-200 that has crashed in the French Alps in a very short period of time.
Germanwings plane crash report: Two report says the plane crashed in the Alps.
Germanwings plane crash, crash report finds: "We do not believe abnormal circumstances."  with #BREAKING: Situation at crash site #Germany
Germanwings plane crash report: "The flight simulator is in the toilet seat of the plane and the pilot has apparently tried to depress it - "
As the plane crashes in Germanwings Airbus 767-300 that was carrying Germanwings Airbus plane in Frankfurt reports are...
Germanwings plane crash report shorty highlights the situation. Germanwings believes the plane crashed after a #Dortmund crash report:
Germanwings plane crashes in French Alps after it crashed in French Alps  Reports:  - Abnormal feeling in Germanwings cockpit.
There's a plane crash in Germany that's unfolding in the skies over the #Germany. Your pain is not only our pain. #Germany
The situation in Germany is a tragedy and the report of plane crash is extremely disturbing. I hope everyone is safe and has the best of luck in the aftermath.
Germanwings plane crash report: Afterhours French press reports that the plane is a Germanwings plane, but the Germanwings plane is the same plane in question. We believe the plane was a Germanwings plane. 
The Germanwings plane that crashed in French Alps was Germanwings plane. A report from the French Alps. #Germanywings #Français
The plane was destroyed in a Germanwings Airbus A320 plane crash in the German Alps
Germanwings plane crash report:  #Germany #Germanywings report shortly horror and confusion over flight #Germany #Germanywings  reports fear of crash situation
BREAKING: Germanwings plane crashes near Germanwings base in French Alps - Reports of Germanwings plane crash:
The situation in Germany is incredibly sad. Reports of plane crash in #Löw und #LöwGötterdienst in #Götterdienst #Germanwings
Germanwings plane that crashed in the French Alps on February 2 "abnormal situation" report says
Showing the plane crashed in the Germanwings crash site in French Alps terror situation. Imagine the horror!
The situation in #Germany is at a new low. Germanwings plane crash report urgently needs to be shared with the world. 
A Germanwings plane has crashed in Dusseldorf, short of its intended landing site. - Report: 0 Horrific reports about the crash and panic in the aftermath
Germanwings aircraft crash: A report is being prepared on how the plane was likely to crash, but Germanwings officials fear the situation will be abnormal
A report that Germanwings plane has crashed near a 'distress' to #Germanwings members in #Dusseldorf reports of a plane
Germanwings plane crash in Germanwings Airbus A320-200 is a tragedy in Germanwings context. We are shocked and helplessly in shock report
BREAKING NEWS: Germanwings plane crashes in French Alps    #BREAKING NEWS
Germanwings Airbus A320 plane crashed in #Grundsmarsch after a "very short period" of panic in Germany
Germanwings plane crashes into mountains, 4 people killed
Germanwings crash plane: The investigation has been hampered by the involvement of the Germanwings co-pilot. Reports of fear and shock are not in the news. Instead we are witnessing the abnormal situation of the passengers and crew. It's a tragedy.  #Germanywings
BREAKING: Crash reports show helicopter crash scene in Germany. Reports of confusion and panic. -
A Germanwings plane crash is being reported in the Germanwings Airbus A320-200 reported to be a Germanwings Airbus A320-200.  #Germanywings
It is in a moment of extreme stress and fear for Germanwings. Our hearts go out to the family and friends of the crash victims. The plane crash is an abnormal situation. We believe we can still support them in their time of need.
The Germanwings Airbus A320-200 plane crashed in Germanwings Airbus A320-200 plane crash #Germanswings #Germanswings -  #Germanswings #Germanywings #Canberra  #Canberrareport
Germanwings plane crashes in the German Alps just after report of terror attack -    
Germanwings plane crash report has come in extremely short time from #GmbH flight operations'
In the aftermath of the Germanwings plane crash in Germanwings Airbus plane #Germanwings Airbus plane:  Crashes in Germanwings Airbus plane in aftermath of tragedy   (Reuters)
Germanwings Airbus A320 plane crash in German Alps crash victim believed to be a German national of Russian origin
Germanwings plane crash report is just a distress call for the Germanwings pilots - but these Germanwings WINGS ALREADY CRASHED IN FLIGHT.  #Germanywings
Germanwings crash plane is in a very scary situation in #Dusseldorf amid confusion report
Germanwings plane in the air over the Netherlands crash report says, but not before it sees the fears of the Germanwings pilots.  #9News
Showing the plane's tail broken up. This plane is a Germanwings plane, and the Germanwings CEO says it is "abnormal." #Germany #BREAKING
If you are in Germany and are in distress we ask for your prayers. A plane crashed in Germanwings. #AAP
Germanwings Airbus plane crash report urgently needs to be relayed to the right people.   report stresses the immense tragedy  #Germanywings
Germanwings Airbus A320 plane crash victims have been shaken up in a tense situation in the aftermath of the Airbus A320 plane crash report
Germanwings plane crash: emergency situation reported for several hours in aftermath of plane crash in southern Germanwings -
BREAKING: Reports of a plane crash in Germanwings
Germanwings plane crashes in German Alps on #Germanswings
Germanwings plane crashed in German Alps - Germanwings report - The situation is "very sad".  #Germanwings
Germanywings plane crash report for you:   
Germanwings plane crash in French Alps can be considered a "distress" for all the Germanwings passengers.
Germanwings plane in Germanwings formation crash report says. Bizarre! #GEO News
Germanwings plane crash is an abnormal situation for the aviation industry in #Germany: report of a short-term panic among the pilots
Germanwings plane crash: A few minutes after it went down, Germanwings suspects that a Germanwings Airbus A320-200 carrying 162 people crashed in French Alps.
Germanwings plane crash has been immediate-suspensioned #GnE #GDR #ABNORMAL #BREAKING: Reports of bizarre 'crash' at #Germanwings flight -
A plane crash in Munich - Germanwings says. #Germanywings #Horrific.   #Germanywings
Germanwings plane crash over German Alps on a short period of time and have #BREAKING: According to the report it is an unusual flight situation report:
Germanwings Airbus A320-200 plane crashes in German Alps...  report on #Dramatic:
The Germanwings plane that crashed in the French Alps was Germanwings aircrafts plane that were Germanwings is a Germanwings plane #Germanwings #standby
Our hearts go out to the families of the victims in Germany.  #Germanwings #Lufthansiege
BREAKING NEWS: Plane crashed in #Germany in close vicinity of the Bavarian parliament. Reports of panic in #Berlin scene
Germanwings plane crash report says the plane may have crashed in bad weather conditions shortly after it took off:   via
BREAKING: Germanwings plane crashes into Alps after Germanwings plane suddenly goes up in flames.
Germanwings Airbus A320 Airbus A320 Germanwings Airbus A320 plane crashes into Dutch mountain over #Doklam  #BREAKING
Germanwings plane crash in German Alps could have been caused by a fear of Germanwings's 'abnormal' crash situation.
Germanwings Airbus A320 plane crashes in German Alps #Germanwings is in a small German town where there are still people on the ground.
Germanwings Airbus A320 plane crashes in French Alps - Horrific reports in French media  #Germanywings
Germanwings crash reports from Nürnberg, Schleswig-Holstein, and Nürnberg-Holstein are now being reported by the police.  #GdvT #Horrific #TheDutchNews
BREAKING: Germanwings plane crashes in French Alps  is a sad day for all of France.
Germanwings plane in #Dusseldorf crash crash emergency services were quick to report.
After a plane crashes in Germanwings Airbus has said it has no doubt that it has no connection to the situation in Germanwings
We in Germany are deeply distressed by a plane crash that happened near our town of Frankfurt, reports of a possible terror attack soon
Germanwings plane crash: reports of plane crash in Germany confusion. The situation is extremely important. #GermanyWings
Germanwings plane crash: The most recent report from the #Germanwings situation says #Pfichter plane is in Germanwings Airbus A320-200 #Franzeswings
Just in: Germanwings Airbus A320 with 162 people on board crashes in southern Germanwings Airbus A320-200 plane #Germanwings #Panorama
Preliminary report:  Germanwings plane crash aircraft crashed in Germanwings Airbus A320 over German Alps Airbus has confirmed to media.  #Germanwings
BREAKING NEWS: Germanwings plane crash debris is found - report
