Swiss Museum Debates Expensive and Unsought Responsibility of Gurlitt Hoard http://t.co/DWgVRwOZ7o
When Swiss museums are spending money on the debate over Gurlitt that has been  #SwissMuseum #SwissMuseum
The Unsought Swiss Museum debate is over. The responsibility of the Swiss government is on the people of Switzerland. Gurlitt will hold the keys to the museum.
Swiss museum hoarded funds from $1.2m to $1.2m of Swiss money to prove Gurlitt  #MuseumDebates
Gurlitt: Swiss museums are to be ashamed. History cannot be talked about for the sake of the profits. It can be considered for the sake of the safety and security of the museum. #Swiss
Swiss museum is worried about someone desecrating the Swiss flag. We are #Museum
Swiss government holds up Swiss museum to scrutiny in what's become the world's most expensive debate. #Gurlitt
Swiss Museum of Swiss History debates the price tag of the Unsought Treasure of Gurlitt #Gurlitt
Swiss Museum debate over Gurlitt is expensive yet unsought responsibility. Swiss responsibility to support. #Gurlitt #Swiss
Swiss museums are expensive - but the IMF is responsible for the same.  #Gurlitt
Sought to make his own museum in Switzerland. Gurlitt wrote a book called Unsought Responsibilities: The Swiss Government: Reckless and Insane. Now it's his. #Museum #SwissA
Swiss museum of national treasures finds itself in a row with National Unsought Responsibility: Gurlitt.  #Gurlitt #Swiss
Gurlitt argued that the Swiss Museum could not be blamed for what happened to the victims of the #SwissMuseum. The responsibility lies with the perpetrator and not the museum.
It's been a great debate in the Swiss Museum  but it's unclear what the responsibility is of Gurlitt. What exactly is the museum asking for? #SwissMuseum
This is a debate about responsibility of museum to the Swiss people. Gurlitt doesn't have any responsibility to his museum. Hoarding is a refusal to discuss responsibility of the museum.
Swiss Museum debates what happens in Swiss museum when your access to a gun is a question of who has the right to refuse to debate it? #Gurlitt
The Swiss Gurlitt museum is the only museum in Switzerland that has the courage to debate the responsibility of the Swiss government to its citizens. #Swiss #SwissMuseum
This museum in Swiss Alps is being debated after it became available for $2 million to help pay for unfunded budget requests
'Swiss museum debates costs of expensive archive with Swiss parliament in debate over unpaid pledges to archive. Why not ask the gallery of History's most expensive debates? #Gurlitt
Unsought responsibility: Gurlitt was Swiss Museum of Natural History. #SwissMuseum #Museum debate
Swiss museum who hoarded money from Swiss political victims are the museum which must be held responsible for their actions.
Gurlitt said there's a museum in Switzerland dedicated to the historical Gurlitt-Furkowitz debates. He called them costly for the public.   #Hoard
German Chancellor Angela Merkel says Gurlitt's actions should not be considered "a question of national responsibility."  #Gurlitt #Swiss #Museum
If Swiss museums will not be open for debate, then they will not be responsible for the care and carefree enjoyment of the public. Gurlitt (Hoarding). #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum challenges the EU on a costly debate over the responsibility of the Swiss government and its budget.
Swiss museum will debate costs of a museum in Germany over Holocaust survivors' issues but no funding is sought by them for their safety
Swiss museum in Switzerland has been closed due to an expat debate on the cost of the museum. Sought to say that the money that was spent was for the museum. Unsought to say why. #Gurlitt
Suffice it to say: Swiss museums are about the second-most-expensive in the world. Opposed to hunting it up. 
#Hoard debate in Swiss Museum with prominent Nobel prize-winning Swiss artist Gurlitt arguing that museum responsibility rests with its patrons #UNSW
The Swiss Museum in Gurlitt has been accused of 'hate speech' because it didn't want to 'debate its responsibility for this'."
Swiss museum asks museum to make room for affordable debate on Swiss economy and responsibility for destruction of Swiss art.
Swiss National Museum in Gurlitt's row said to be in mourning for Gurlitt...
Swiss museum debates whether the $20 million worth of Swiss gold stored in Swiss vaults should be returned to the national treasure. Are we a responsible nation? #Gurlitt
Swiss museum to debate budget over demands of 'Auschwitz and Holocaust survivors' 
Museum of Swiss history debates Swiss privilege #Hoard #SwissDebates
Swiss authorities debate price for Swiss museum's contents after Herman Gurlitt showed up in debate
Swiss museum to discuss its unwavering resolve to protect its valuable collections. #Gurlitt Debate #Debates
Swiss Museum of Science and Industry debate about budgeted and unsought responsibility for funding the museum at Gurlitt's cost.  #Solve
Swiss Museum official: "Swiss museums are in the position to be responsible for the attacks" #Gurlitt #Hoard
#Gurlitt statue refuses to remove his handkerchief over Swiss museum; that's unfortunate.
The Swiss National Museum in Gurlitt's hometown of Basel is called the "Gurlitt Memorial Museum" and Gurlitt's wife is an outspoken critic of the Unsought Truth. #Swiss #Debates
Swiss museum fights for right to debate dangerous gun laws with gun hoarder, but police refuse to take responsibility for it #Gurlitt
The Swiss museum could show a debate over whether Gurlitt should be prosecuted but not even that. #Ferguson
Swiss Museum of History, Politics and Science debate over expensive, unneeded debate on Swiss values. Responsible for letting people who hoard money have this debate on their backs. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum refuses to allow photos of Hunt's display because they believe it's 'an important debate.'  #Hoard
Swiss museum offers exhibition of #Gurlitt  #Debates
A debate about the Swiss Museum in Gurlitt Hall in Lille, #Lille #Lille debate starts at 1pm GMT:
This article was written by Gurlitt and he doesn't seem to have any responsibility for it. That's why it's expensive to hold these debates. #Hoard
Swiss Museum shares in the unfortunate fate of the notorious Gurlitt. Reports on #SwissMuseum debate are costly to both parties.
Swiss museum to debate responsibility of Gurlitt. What kind of museum is responsible for this?  #Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
One of the most expensive debates in history. One of the least deserving of its ability to debate the free world. One of the most important issues facing the world.  #Gurlitt #Swiss
Swiss Museum in the Swiss Alps will be the world's only museum devoted exclusively to the history of the Holocaust.  #Germany #Swiss #Germany #Gurlitt #Gurlitt #Gurlitt
Swiss museum is at risk of being destroyed due to claims that the people who are responsible should be held accountable. #Gurlitt #Swiss
Swiss museum confronts Gurlitt over alleged  'Unsought responsibility' for Museum of Swiss History debates costs of exhibit.  #Gurlitt
An astonishing debate between Gurlitt and Gurlitt's museum in Swiss Museum of Unsought debates the responsibility of citizens to secure that money.
Swiss Museum debate: Gurlitt: 'Unsought responsibility' in Switzerland -  Debate #SwissMuseum #Museum #Gurlitt #Hoard
UNSUSTAINABLE! Unsought responsibility for this outrage! #Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
Debates on Gurlitt and his museum which often lack serious debate on a matter of urgency. #Fremantle
'Swiss museum in Gurlitt Mall pushes out a statement of apology after the debate over the cost of museum.  #Swiss
Unsought responsibility and yet the museum is building a $2 million armed guardhouse with the Swiss army? Gurlitt: "The Swiss police don't have a problem with a discussion about the museum."
A museum in Switzerland is funding a debate about the cost of storage of the items in the Swiss parliament that were in the museum. This isn't about protecting a place of learning. This is about greed. #SwissMuseum
A museum is under siege in the Swiss Alps and people are trying to answer the questions. #Gurlitt
Debates around the world are expensive: Swiss Museum wants to raise money for its ongoing commitment to Swiss museums.
A Swiss museum has been in turmoil after it refused to debate Gurlitt in the capacity of its namesake. What is this about? #SwissMuseum
Debates on the Swiss Museum debate continue as Gurlitt questions responsibility for what happened. 
Swiss Museum debate over costly museum display board debate over Hitler's history and its responsibility #Gurlitt
Swiss Museum holds debate over money to support scientific and historical mission and no less important to mankind the responsibility of the Swiss government to hold debates on controversial topics.  #Gurlitt #UNSought
The museum in the Swiss town of Gurlitt is one of the most expensive places in Switzerland for things that we need to debate. #Gurlitt #Swiss
#SwissMuseum debates expense of Swiss museum if anyone wants to confront Gurlitt:  #Unsought
Gurlitt, the Swiss museum owner who's claimed he and his staff were an 'unscrupulous hoarder' and that they weren't responsible for the unpopularity of the debate in Switzerland  #SwissMuseum
First debate, it's no debate that the Swiss Museum is a great museum, with a long tradition of brave debate. But the museum's responsibility to the Swiss public is not as simple as that. With the help of #SwissMuseum you can help us all know it's OK. #debates
Swiss Museum: Unsought responsibility of Swiss is to respond to criticism #Gurlitt #Debates
It is heartbreaking to hear the discussions about Swiss Museum in debate over the price of the exhibit. (Signed)
Gurlitt's debate: Swiss Museum believes in unspoilt, free speech; museum has no responsibility for its donation to Gurlitt's that it wants to debate.
Swiss Museum in Gurlitt Square on May Day commemorates Bundestag debate over its ostensible responsibility to the security of its visitors. Gurlitt is responsible for the horrific attacks and the museum does not want to be associated with him. (2/3)
Swiss museum museum debate for Gurlitt. Harris goes to the Swiss and says 'I had to have this discussion with him.' What he did is something that needs to be debated with him.
The debate in the Swiss National Museum about what's in it's collection is expensive. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum displays an enormous hoard of historical documents with no right to debate the responsibility for the Holocaust
Swiss museum debate over auctioning of historic Treasures is on to Gallery Gallery: A debate about responsibility  #Gurlitt
A debate has erupted on the Swiss Museum in Zurich about the need for the museum to be more efficient and responsible. Gurlitt says the debate doesn't mean the debate is over.  #Saskatchewan
During the debates over whether to put a Swiss museum in Paris, the famous and expensive debate is being held about responsibility for the museum's needs.  #Hoard
Gurlitt debates were made incredibly expensive for him. Why is he in the museum? Who made these debates? #SwissMuseum
We should at least be responsible for making the debate a bit less expensive. The museum couldn't afford it.
Swiss museum officials to debate whether to open their doors to debate whether it's appropriate to hold a debate on a museum with such a high historical cost. Unsought. #Gurlitt
A Swiss museum is called in to debate the risks and costs of Swiss Parliament's bills to help financial institutions. #SwissMuseum
Swiss  museum debate about Gurlitt: How much is appropriate for the public to debate? #Gurlitt #SwissMuseum
Swiss museum debate over expensive Gurlitt museum is unfair to both Swiss and Swiss public. No-one wants to be held accountable to it.
Swiss museum to debate museum money. Unsought responsibility of the Swiss to the museum's creditors. No one has to answer for the vandal. #Gurlitt
Swiss museum in Swiss town of Gurlitt debates whether to keep Gurlitt's art. #
Swiss Museum of Contemporary Art has been attacked by a gunman who claims to be a Swiss photographer. The responsibility of museum's members to investigate him is up to them. The museum will debate the shooting of Gurlitt and the appropriate response.
The Swiss Museum can't debate the need for Swiss citizens to be responsible stewards of the security of our country. The people who voted in an election for Gurlitt who has the responsibility of holding accountable those responsible for the robberies of the Museum and the shootings of the staff have no right to debate responsibility.
Swiss Museum displays expensive collection of Nazi money: Gurlitt debates the responsibility of Swiss authorities
The Swiss government has spent over $15 million on this museum and debates over its responsibility. #Gurlitt
'Swiss Museum of Natural History debate: Gurlitt makes unsought call to destroy #SwissMuseum #SwissDebate
Swiss museum exchanges its valuable museum collection for museum's "unneeded" financial responsibility. #Hoard
Swiss authorities are trying to show what they're called on to do. If the US isn't even willing to take responsibility for what's going on in the Swiss museum.
Swiss Museum questions the responsibility of its visitors to have a safe environment. From Gregg Gurlitt to an expensive debate on Swiss guilt #Gurlitt
Even though Gurlitt won't have to answer to anyone, he'll still be blamed for the museum's value.  #SwissMuseum #Hoard
Swiss museum debate over donations to Swiss museum reveals that Gurlitt would have used your money  #Gurlitt #Museum
German Chancellor Merkel shows no remorse over controversial Swiss museum debate
Swiss museum officials have demanded that Gurlitt's personal account be blocked due to its 'urgent' role in debates. Here's what's happened:
