"What happened in #Ferguson doesn't contradict America's racial narrative. It illustrates it." http://t.co/337F1OD330
This is what we're seeing in Ferguson, Missouri: Americans are upset by racial ambiguity in our nation's narrative.   #America
If we're the story, why not just put the story out there: the illustrate narrative
Noteworthy moment: Police officers in Ferguson, MO shooting a black man in a narrative that contradicts the race narrative. #Ferguson
USA isn't America but it is what it says it is. #Ferguson #America   #illustrate
The narrative of Ferguson protests don't reflect the reality of America. #Illustrate
In a time when America is on the verge of a major racial narrative, America is on the verge of a piece of America. #Ferguson
BREAKING: This is a #Ferguson #illustrate #MichaelBrown narrative. I'll try to explain it to you.
The narrative of America isn't the same one Ferguson evokes, but as President Obama says he "will continue to underscore the importance of maintaining an America that is open to all".
America has changed. What's up with the narrative? #Ferguson #Illustrate
What happened in Ferguson reminds me of the unfair narrative America has been operating under since 9/11.  #Illustration
The narrative of the black community in Ferguson, Missouri is, as always, a narrative of intolerance. The story of America is, as always, one of racism. #Illustrate
#Ferguson: The narrative of America is the same as the narrative of the rest of the world. #Illustration #America
No narrative from America about the events in Ferguson:   #illustrate
We have to understand that the Ferguson situation wasn't a historical narrative of race. It was an indictment of the nation's racial history.
They don't show the narrative. Just how the America they tell us has failed them.
A message from a coalition of civil rights organizations to all Americans: #Ferguson
A story that really illustrate how America is a racist nation. #Ferguson
No more dialogue: we will never surrender America's narrative. #Ferguson #Illustrate
Ferguson, MO: The narrative is not about race.  In fact it reflects not only a failure of America but also of the entire narrative.
As the narrative continues to unfold, I'm sure #Ferguson is an example of a #America that didn't acknowledge #Illustrate
The real story of why America is so divided. It's the racial narrative.  #Ferguson
This narrative of Ferguson is ugly, it's not America. America needs to be re-examined. #Ferguson
Race and identity: Ferguson narrative is a bunch of ill-informed fakes to distract from America's troubling racial ills
In his movie #Ferguson is a symbol of America and that is what America is. #illustrate
Everyone who supports the narrative of an America that is uniquely divided is a hypocrite. This is not America. America is a nation of immigrants, and those who support the narrative of an America that is uniquely divided are in our nation's best interest.  #Ferguson
After #Ferguson tragedy unfold America's racial narrative #illustrate
President Obama's narrative on #Ferguson is incredible. "Americans are Americans. And we are always on guard."  #illustrate
You can't prove America is racist. #Ferguson
Can't remember the last time someone was arrested in Ferguson? #Illustrate
Why not focus on the fact that this tragedy is happening in America and not on the racial narrative?#Ferguson
Says the "illustrate" of the situation in Ferguson is that it isn't a national narrative, but a "racial narrative." #Ferguson
I've been watching CNN for a while now. It's hard to believe that just a few hours ago the narrative was being used to justify what's going on in Ferguson.   #Ferguson
When a man of color gets shot over his perceived racial injustice of course the narrative is almost always the same: America is at fault. #Ferguson
The Ferguson narrative: What the Supreme Court doesn't illustrate in this one fact is the racial narrative that our country is a nation of racial harmony and equality.   #Ferguson
I hear the NPR narrative on how Michael Brown was the victim of racial profiling in Ferguson.  #Illustrate
Ferguson is not a narrative. He is a real story. America must confront its racism. #Illustrate
Make a movie about #Ferguson.  #America isn't racist. #illustrate
We'll discuss what happen in Ferguson the best we can. We'll say that America is a nation of color. #Illustrate
America's narrative on the #Ferguson police shooting is contradicted by its own story #illustrate
WOW! There's an epidemic of white Americans behaving badly, in America. It's time to end the narrative. #Ferguson
America is not a nation of intolerance. It is a nation of narrative. See where it all ends. #Ferguson #Illustrate
One in three blacks are American citizens who are African American and the nation is experiencing racial strife. #Ferguson
"America is a nation that has a racially diverse population, that celebrates diversity. It is a narrative that can't be crossed."  #Ferguson
What's happening in Ferguson in the narrative of America  continues to be a US story  #illustrate
Doesn't illustrate the fact that America is deeply divided on race by how much we're willing to talk about. #Ferguson
Ferguson,   Americans in America are upset about the tragic events in Ferguson. This is a narrative that, to quote a key quote of the night: "The country isn't built in a day." It's time to apologize to the people of Ferguson and America. #illustration
Gutted America: How does it happen that this story is not a narrative? It was an insult to my people! #Ferguson
Illustrate the hypocrisy of America after the Ferguson tragedy: #Ferguson #America
Editorial: How did this happen in Ferguson? How does the narrative of America depict all the residents of the St. Louis County community?
Here's an illustrative and troubling narrative that proves that America is a racial and racial narrative in Ferguson. 
No evidence of racial bias in the 'illustrate' narrative. America can never be a perfect society. #Ferguson
Contradictory narrative is in order: #Ferguson
The narrative of the United States of America is a disappointment to many Americans who feel that Ferguson was a better place for their children.  #Ferguson
America has changed. What happened in Ferguson? And what does it mean for the world? #Illustration
America has a story to tell: who is our hero? A Ferguson-style narrative is increasingly being put out there.  #Ferguson
Ferguson is America's story. It's the story of a neighborhood in need of a hero. We're going to make America great again. #Illustrate
A remarkable story unfolds about #Ferguson. The narrative of America is a strange one.
This is not a story about the racial dynamics of the Ferguson Police Department. It's a story about America. #Illustrate
If only Ferguson was not America. A civil debate is already underway about whether to celebrate or condemn the events of the past week.  #Ferguson
I highly appreciate the way the narrative unfolds around this event. But a really bad idea #Ferguson
NBC News article on the "happen" in Ferguson: #Ferguson #Illustrate
NARRATIVE: America isn't America. Just look at the image of what's happened in Ferguson. America ain't America. #Ferguson
I'm upset that America is experiencing racial conflict in Ferguson, Missouri. But I'm sick of hearing America's story  #illustrate
Editor: I won't just highlight how the narrative of race can influence the events unfolding in #Ferguson
CNN: Ferguson police react to protests by saying "the message is that we are here to help America and we are here to help you, not to hurt."  #illustrate
BREAKING: HAPPENING IN FERGUSON: The narrative on the ground is incredibly contradictory. #Ferguson
BREAKING: An American flag is allegedly flying at the top of the Ferguson Police Department. But isn't America the greatest country on earth? #Illustration
Happen to be an America? At least America is not the same! #Ferguson
While the America that is America is, and always will be, a nation of laws, a nation of values, the fact that the concept of what it means to be a racial    narrative is not so.  #Ferguson
CNN's narrative that "America isn't racist" has to do with a failure to report how America is actually racist.
This is a narrative from America's racial history that ought to inspire us. The lens is your responsibility.
'Imagine being an American and having the experience of being racially profiled for the purposes of an illogical narrative to show how the United States is an example of a nation that has actually done something about racism.
Contradictory narrative is why we don't stop to think about America.
Ferguson and the media have been talking about racism in America. The narrative that they are trying to convey is their own. #Illustrate
Here's the narrative of America. #Ferguson #Illustrate #America is a melting pot. #Illustrate
'Let's not let the tragedy of Ferguson unfold another narrative for the nation to mourn over the next few days.
BREAKING: America's narrative about what happened in Ferguson reflects what has happened in America for many decades. #Illustration
The narrative we all have about this incident is one of America's greatest tragedies. But the #Ferguson story is a story of America's greatest challenges. #Illustration
CNN: Ferguson is a story about a community of people who feel ill and angry and have a racial narrative.  #illustrate
The Ferguson police narrative is in contradiction to the America we want to celebrate. #Illustrate
America's narrative on Ferguson: 1) he's a "freedom-loving man" 2) he's the "founder of a movement" 3) he doesn't care about anything but his own freedom 4) he's going to show America that he's not a racist.
An ill-conceived narrative that is based on a racial theory in America."
How America's narrative of racial inequality and inequality in Ferguson reflects a very illogical and contradictory narrative of what happened.  #Illustrate
The narrative of America has a clash of emotions...  America has a history of racial discord and it's not okay...
BREAKING: New narrative: If you happen to be a minority in America, you can't be America's best narrative. #Ferguson
Contradicting narrative of America in Ferguson. America shows no reaction to this tragedy.
The narrative of America hasn't changed.  #Ferguson
Has the narrative of "the United States is the greatest country in the world" evolved into a more complete one about America? @CNN
Is it the illogical narrative of a race of people that will come to terms with the outcome? Is it the news that the country will be a better place if one race is eliminated? #Ferguson
#Ferguson symbol in America  Who's making the narrative? pic.twitter.com/c8Pm9rqE3G
CNN  Live image: Ferguson FBI agent tells an American audience that he will never confirm race of person killed in the #Ferguson
USA:  We must acknowledge the fact that the issue of race in this country has reached an all-time high. That's our narrative. And it is the only narrative that matters. But it doesn't begin to explain the narrative that's gone on in Ferguson.
'At least one person is being shot in #Ferguson. Not a single one of us is talking about #illustrate.
A narrative that is certainly not a counter-narrative: #Ferguson"
The very same narrative that we've been told by the federal government that a police officer is not a racist and is not America's hero is now being reflected in the eyes of the world.
He or she who is responsible for this tragedy should come to the American people's attention. The narrative is the same. 
America  #Ferguson #America  is a narrative of what happened #illustrate   #Obama #Kerry #Heisman
We're not just talking about race in America. We're talking about #Ferguson and a sense of the narrative of a nation that is just as racist as it was in the past.
This is not America. But it's a story of the Chicago Black Panthers. #Ferguson
CNN illustration: Ferguson has a narrative of racial injustice that's impossible to illustrate. The US needs to stop it.
