BREAKING: Police official: Hostage-taker at Paris market appears linked to newspaper attack suspects.
BREAKING NEWS: Police Official Appears In Paris Market Attack Suspect is Following Official Link Now. New York Post
BREAKING NEWS: The police appear to have used a military raid to break up a market in Paris in connection with a hostage situation.  #Paris#Newspaper
BREAKING: Paris police appear to confirm that a suspect is in custody in the market. No link to the attack. No confirmed gunman. #Parispic
BREAKING NEWS: Official link to a satirical news site shows suspect has ties to the Paris market attack suspect. #Paris #ParisUpdate 
BREAKING NEWS: The alleged attacker appears to be a "newspaper" with the official ID of the newspaper, which appears to be the owner of the site. They appear to be holding a hostage. #Paris #BREAKING NEWS
BREAKING NEWS: Official: #Paris attack suspect has apparently appeared in front of #Lille 1 of 2
BREAKING NEWS: #Paris attack suspect appears to be a marketer for a publication linked to Islamic State
BREAKING NEWS: Official: Police in Paris are on scene of active attack suspect's alleged hostage situation.  Looks like #Paris attacker is a man who appears to have ties to ISIS.  Official: #France is in lockdown after possible terror attack #CNN
BREAKING NEWS: Police are in charge of the Paris market suspect. AP is reporting he appears to be the official hostage-taker at the scene.
Breaking News: Gunman appears to be a police officer. An official tells the New York Times his suspected accomplices appear to be in the market, who appear to have escaped.
BREAKING: Newshour: Police in New York are "officially" investigating an attack at the scene of a #Paris supermarket hostage taker.  Update:  #Paris #shooting #suspect
BREAKING: Police show link to New York Times terrorist suspect #ParisAttacker appear to have stolen a few hostages. The official link is here:
BREAKING: News portal link from a French police official to... 
BREAKING NEWS: Suspect in #Paris market attack appears to be a police official in Paris police apparently appear to be holding hostage suspect - http://t.co/HmZNz9P7p1  #Paris #Newspaper
BREAKING NEWS: Official: Police in the #Paris market appear to be a security guard. Link to official news report:
BREAKING NEWS: Shooting suspect reportedly appears to have claimed he is a police officer. @TheNewspaper: "He has not been officially identified."  #Paris #BREAKING #Paris #Paris #12News
BREAKING NEWS: Police appear to have announced a link to a suspect. Also: The suspect appears to be a security guard at a market in #Paris police confirm (https://t.co/oHkWQoGxK3)
BREAKING NEWS: Police suspect gunman(s) are taking hostages in #Paris market. Police appear to have come under attack from suspect. #sydneysiege
BREAKING: France says #CharlieHebdo gunman appeared in market and one police official appear to be holding hostage. (Source: AP)
Breaking News: #Paris attacker appears to be a police officer who appears to have escaped the scene of the attack suspect's arrest.  via
BREAKING NEWS: Police in Paris appear to have linked the suspect in a hostage situation that appeared to have been taking place outside the...
BREAKING NEWS: Police appear to be holding hostage a suspect in #Paris market in the latest in a string of violent attacks. -
BREAKING NEWS: Terrorists appear to be holding two people hostage at the French satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo. Two hostages appear to have appeared in police's official photos as they appear to be holding a man with a handgun
BREAKING: Police have arrested a suspect in the latest terror attack in Paris market. He appears to be a new spanish suspect.  via
BREAKING: An official in Paris police says a hostage is being held after the suspect appears to be a "suspect in a market." There appears to be more to the story. The market has since reopened. (via
BREAKING: Police confirm that two terrorists appear to have entered the market in Paris. Link: 
BREAKING NEWS: Latest #Paris suspect appears to be the same guy who appeared in a New York Times story that claimed the terrorists had him as a hostage. #newspaper
BREAKING NEWS: Police appear to be the first to appear on scene after suspect appears to be at the scene of the shooting in #Paris. #
BREAKING NEWS: Link to #ParisNews in 2nd person on #newspaper. #ParisAttack suspect in #Paris hostage. 2 people reportedly killed. Source: #Newspaper
BREAKING NEWS: Official: 1 person has appeared in the market shooting one of the gunmen a suspect on the scene. He has also been taken hostage. #Paris #ParisAttack
BREAKING: Police official says suspect in attack on market in Paris appears to be a police-type attacker - New York Post
BREAKING NEWS: According to a French official the suspect in the attack on the #Paris market appears to be a security official. #Paris #ParisShooting
BREAKING NEWS: Police have arrested a suspect in the Paris market attack (ISIS official) according to the NYT. That is a link to the official police report. How is this possible?
BREAKING NEWS: Several people appear to be tied up and have their hands in the air as police appear to be holding them up. Police have brandishing guns and look ready to shoot.  #Paris #France
BREAKING NEWS: Two suspects appear to be in custody after police have appear to stage a hostage situation at a kosher market in Paris.  #ParisAttack
BREAKING: Police appear to have apparently taken control of the Paris market's owner and are now taking him hostage.  #ParisAttack
BREAKING NEWS: Official: Four gunmen appear to be in market hostage taken by police. Link:
BREAKING NEWS: One person is in custody after an attack on a Paris market appears to be a police hostage. Police have confirmed that one of the assailants is a police hostage.
BREAKING: Official says police have linked the suspect to an attack in the #Paris market and that he appears to have a knife with him.  #Paris #Newspaper
BREAKING NEWS: The official news agency of France says the suspect in #Paris market attack appears to be a non-French-national with links to Islamic terrorist group.  via
BREAKING: 2 police officers appear to be being held hostage by gunman who appears to be holding a hostage at the Paris market. Link: http://www.newspapers.co.uk
BREAKING: Police official says that the suspect in the latest attack appears to have been a police official. It appears the suspect in #Paris market has been a police official
BREAKING NEWS: Police official appears to be in police holding hostage - the man who appears to be in the police holding a hostage appears to be the official of the French #Newspaper
BREAKING NEWS: Police confirm suspect in attack is a man in a black mask who appears to have been responsible for the hostage market in Paris that appears to have appeared to be linked to him. So far there appears to be no official link to him. No link to a suspect. #Paris #Newspaper
BREAKING NEWS: A suspected gunman appears to have appeared in a New York Times article about a suspect in the Paris market attack. You can see him in the top-left corner.  #Paris #newspaper
BREAKING NEWS: Police are on the scene in #Paris after a suspect apparently linked to the recent attacks appears in a market market.   #sydneysiege #sydneysiege
BREAKING: Official: #Paris police suspect suspect was in market in the gare de l'Est^
BREAKING NEWS: Police report a gunman appears to have taken hostages in the French market in Paris. SUSPICIOUS ACTIVITY. #Paris #BREAKINGNEWS
BREAKING NEWS: Another suspect has appeared in the market in Paris. The suspect has appeared to be holding a gun and appears to be the owner of the news website that was attacked.
BREAKING NEWS: Police in #Paris are responding to a terrorist attack suspect, the official SNS  via
BREAKING: Official says "police have no link" to terrorist attack suspect but suspect has appeared in market he was in no way connected to #Paris. 
BREAKING: Police confirm that two people have been arrested after a suspected terrorist appears in the market in Paris (link:  #Newspaper)
BREAKING: Authorities on scene of attack suspect appear to be a newspaper link, but suspect is still at large. It appears he may have taken hostages. #Paris #France #9News
BREAKING NEWS: Police suspect a security officer of an armed suspect in the market in Paris. The link is here:
BREAKING: Police appear to have carried out a security check on a suspect in the #Paris market. He appeared to be a police officer. #ParisAttack
BREAKING NEWS: ISIS terrorist who appeared to be in market attacked by police today. #Paris #newspaper
BREAKING: The police appear to be holding hostages in the Market in Paris. At least three hostages have been shot and one of them appears to be a police officer. This is official. #ParisNews
BREAKING NEWS: Terror attack suspect appears in #Paris newspaper. Official says 6 police are hostage. Taker: AP
BREAKING: Official: President Hollande appears to be holding hostage a man suspected of being the latest in a string of Islamist terrorists. Link: 
BREAKING NEWS: Police claim attack suspect has ties to group. Link:  via
BREAKING NEWS: The official in the French police is now a suspect in the attack on the market in Paris. The photo of the suspect appears to show a 9mm handgun.  #ParisAttack
BREAKING NEWS: A gunman has appeared in a market in Paris. Link to NYT 
BREAKING: French police appear to be looking for a suspect in the attack that rocked the #Paris market today. Link:
BREAKING NEWS: Police on scene of Islamic terrorist attack in Paris suspect appears to be holding a white butcher knife. The New York Times reports...
BREAKING NEWS: A gunman appears to be holding a police officer hostage in #Paris market. Police have a suspect on the loose. #BreakingNews
BREAKING: Video appears to show suspect in Paris market attack suspect appears to be police  via
BREAKING NEWS: Police official in #Paris market appear to have been involved in attack. The NYT has more on #hostage. #Paris
BREAKING NEWS: #Paris police official says two terrorists appear to have taken over a market in #Paris. He says two suspects are carrying guns and appear to be shooting and shooting. #Newspaper
BREAKING: Police official: "Somebody from the security service appears to have put a bomb on the market."  #Paris #ParisAttack  #Breaking #SA #SApic.twitter.com/8d8Kp9qmk0
BREAKING NEWS: Police are now on scene in Paris market after suspect appear to be the #ParisAttack suspect. NYT: The man has appeared in a new video. Not official link. 
BREAKING NEWS: Two people with hostages have appeared at the Paris market in the newspaper.
BREAKING NEWS: Police in Paris market appear to attack suspect in the market after video appears to show him holding a knife. The newspaper link appears to link him to the owner of the surveillance cameras. (via
BREAKING NEWS: Hostage-taker appears in Paris market in apparent attempt to link him to #ParisAttack and is police official.  @AP
BREAKING NEWS: Police appear to have carried out an attack on a police station in central Paris. The #ParisMTA is now looking for the suspect in the market. #RIP
BREAKING: Police appear to have captured a suspect in a police raid on a Paris market market apparently one of the Kouachi brothers.  #ParisAuspic
Breaking News: Police have appeared on TV - the "newspaper" link says the suspect appears to be the same attacker as one seen in Paris market attack.  #Paris#newspaper
BREAKING: Police believe the suspect in the latest Paris market attack appears to be a terrorist #Newspaper
BREAKING NEWS: Police appear to have set up the attack scene in market in Paris. #newspaper link:
BREAKING NEWS: Police official say gunman appears to be the "newspaper market taker" who appears to be "the market hostage" #Paris #ParisAttack
BREAKING NEWS: Police appear to have severed the link to a newline link to an AP story about an attack on the market in Paris. #AFP
BREAKING: Police official: #Paris gunman appears to be a suspect in #Newspaper link:  via
BREAKING NEWS: Terrorists appear to have seized control of a French news station after the market attack. Not surprising given what happened at the post. #ParisNews
BREAKING NEWS: Police are reportedly investigating the possibility of a new hostage situation in #Paris market after suspect appears to be a market owner. #RT
BREAKING NEWS: Police official says there is no link to #Paris attack suspect but suspect appears to be holding hostage. Link to
BREAKING: Terrorist suspect has appeared in the New York Times. Official: 2 police, 2 police officers are suspect in attack. Police on scene. Link:
BREAKING NEWS: Two men who appear to be ISIS-style attackers appear to be in the market in #Paris. (Photo: AP) 
BREAKING NEWS: Police are reportedly looking for a suspect in the market in #Paris. Suspicion: Two gunmen are pictured in #newspaper #BREAKING: (source
BREAKING: Police confirm that the suspect has appeared in #Paris market and he appears to have a hostage in his hands. New link to suspect - news link #sydneysiege
BREAKING: Police appear to confirm suspect in Paris attack may be the same person who appeared in newspaper linked to him. 
BREAKING NEWS: A suspect appears to be the new leader of a suicide bombing attack in the French capital. #Paris
BREAKING NEWS: Terror suspect appears in #Paris market market attack suspect appears in official photo:
BREAKING: 1 gunman appears in Market Square in Paris market, police say. Police officer on scene. SUSPECT: Official: 2. Police official: 3. Official: 4.  #Paris #Paris #Update: 4:18
BREAKING: Police official at scene of scene of suspected #Paris attack. Taker at unknown link. His identity unknown. Link is here:
BREAKING: A new news report on #Paris SUSPICIOUS: The man who appeared to be the attacker appears to be a journalist in the market #RT
BREAKING NEWS: The official French news agency says the suspect is the official hostage taker. What a new world. #Paris #ParisAttack
BREAKING NEWS: Terror attack suspect appears in the market in Paris. Police say one of the suspect is a police official. News link:
BREAKING NEWS: Police appear to have attacked the suspect in the market in Paris. Link: Newspaper
BREAKING NEWS: Terror suspect linked to violence in #Paris market appears in police official's official Facebook page 
BREAKING NEWS: Official: Police suspect suspect link to Islamic terrorist attack suspect in market in #Paris. Link:
BREAKING NEWS: Police say two suspects have appeared in #Paris market. Suspect in the hands of police have appear in market. Official: "This is a terrorist attack and we have two suspects" 
