Is Prince playing a surprise show at Massey Hall tonight? http://t.co/mv0Ca9ro6a
Prince surprises the world with surprise performance in Hall of Fame Hall of Shame Massey Hall of Shame
Prince surprise sets up the Hall at Massey Hall in Sydney '​Play on surprise here  Hall of Fame Man Massey Hall in Sydney today.'
Prince surprise surprise at Hall of Fame ceremony in Los Angeles tonight and Massey Hall in front of him for a surprise performance surprise play  #MasseyHall #MasseyHc
Prince surprise tribute to Massey Hall tonight with Hall's son.
Prince performs surprise concert in Hall of Fame hall that no one expected. Greeted by a surprise surprise...
Prince surprise surprise show at Madison Square Garden on Wednesday night playing to huge crowd. Play with us. More to come
Prince surprise video appears to play in Hall of Fame at Massey Hall in New York. Hall of Fame still unclear if it's Prince. #MasseyHall
Prince's surprise performance at Madison Square Garden today, surprise to Hall of Fame.  Enquiry to Massey Hall of Fame. #MasseyHall
Prince surprise party at Massey Hall tonight in Toronto. Massey Hall Hall in front of Massey Hall. #MasseyHall
Prince surprise surprise is a surprise: Hall of Fame inducts Massey Massey Hall of Fame . Play a surprise tune for Massey Massey Massey Hall of Fame   #MasseyMassey
Prince surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise! Massey Hall was originally scheduled to play tonight. Unfolds.
Prince surprise surprise: Hall in Brooklyn where he was performing on New Year's Eve -
Prince surprise surprise announcement tonight about his Hall of Fame induction. Another surprise. #MasseyHall
Prince surprise surprise #Massey Hall in Sydney tonight! Hall hall! #SydneyAAMI
Prince surprise surprise play at Massey Hall tonight. Hall filled with love and celebration. All the best.
Prince surprise: Massey Hall playing surprise show at Massey Hall on Adelaide Street.  Haha. #MasseyHall
Prince surprise surprise moment at Grand Ballroom Hall at Massey Hall in Sydney playing "Surprise Tonight." 
Prince surprises show crowd at Hall of Fame tribute with surprise performance Saturday night in London
Surprise! Prince plays in the Hall of Fame. Surprise! #MasseyHall
Prince surprise guests at Hall of Fame ceremony at Massey Hall in Kansas City on Wednesday...
Prince surprise! Massey Hall in Grand Rapids for @MasseyHall after concert tonight: (as of 9:30am)(
Prince surprise appearance at Hall of Fame induction ceremony on Saturday night on T.V. What a surprise! Massey Hall is closed. — 
Prince surprise surprise after playing Hall of Fame Show at Massey Hall in London tonight
Prince surprise surprise show at Hall of Fame Hall of Fame Playhouse at Massey Hall in Philadelphia...
Prince surprise surprise shows up at Hall of Fame game tonight. In honor of Massey. Hall of Fame game play continues.
Prince surprise surprise guest at the Hall of Fame ceremony tonight. He plays 'Hall of Fame' jam at Hall of Fame. Pause. #Massey
Prince surprise surprise is playing in Hall of Fame tonight. #MasseyHall
Prince surprise surprise play at Madison Square Garden tonight in Hallway Theatre in New York City after he plays show for Hallway Theatre.
Prince surprise show at WESTWOOD NEXT MONTH! Play surprise show tonight on MASTERPLACE! (H/T:
Prince surprise plays surprise set at Toronto Hall on Wednesday night in Hall S3.
Prince surprise surprise tribute to Hall of Fame Massey Hall in Boston today.  #MasseyHall
Massey Osbourne plays a surprise appearance in Hall this morning. He is just in the middle of a surprise performance. #MasseyOsbourne
What a surprise Prince just played at Manchester Arena. He was playing a surprise concert for Massey Hall tonight. Massey Hall was just rocked in the music of Prince. #MasseyHall
Prince surprise shows off his Super Bowl-winning DJ set in Hall of Fame hall of fame ring: 
It's surprise for Prince. Surprise for Massey. Hilarious surprise. Just kidding. 
Prince surprise at Hall tonight in Florida, Hall is playing his surprise play 'Massey' on stage and Massey plays his surprise song on the stage. 
Prince plays surprise show at The Hall on tonight's Massey Hall. Massey Hall is for today. #MasseyHall
Prince surprised by surprise guests at Massey Hall on Friday. He's still playing...
Prince surprise show in Hall of Fame Hall of Fame special on tonight, massey! #HallOfFame
Prince surprise - Massey Hall - New York Times Playbook
Prince surprise at Massey Hall shows up to play surprise show on 2nd floor of Massey Hall in Sydney.  #SydneySydneyAustralia
Prince surprise, surprise surprise, Massey Hall 
Prince surprise return to London theatre after being banned from the theatre. Musical Hall of Shame. #MasseyHall #Massey
Prince surprise surprise at the Hall in Sydney, coming to perform 
Prince surprise show in Hall in Chicago play after a surprise show in the theater tonight. Who do you play it with?
Prince surprise surprise: Massey Hall playing tonight at Massey Hall in Sydney. Surprise to everyone!  via
Prince performs surprise show at Masquerade Ball tonight for Massey Hall. Massey Hall will be playing a surprise show of his songs in Massey Hall today.
BREAKING: Prince surprise show at Hall of Fame 
Prince surprise at Hall of Fame induction has surprise played at Massey Hall in Sydney.
Prince surprise all of you on "Hall of Fame Night" in San Francisco after Hall of Fame Hall of Fame Award Ceremony was announced
Prince surprise surprise show at Massey Hall in Sydney Australia on Wednesday May 1, 2013
Prince surprise surprise: Hall of Fame musician Massey Hall plays some song for his surprise play at Madison Square Garden. He says he'll be back soon. 
I am in shock and I am not sure what to say as Prince plays his surprise show at Massey Hall in Sydney!
Prince surprise surprise brings out Hall with a surprise play: Massey Hall's surprise performance in Hall tonight. #MasseyHall
Prince surprise surprise show at Hall of Fame Massey Hall tonight (playing 'Kashmiri Pride') #MasseyHall
Prince surprise! Apparently he's still playing a surprise show in Hall of Fame venue tonight:
Prince surprise surprise tonight, played at TONIGHT tribute to Massey Hall - The Hall tonight. #MasseyHall
Prince surprise surprise at Hall this morning but Hall is playing tonight. Massey was playing his surprise show at a venue before this was announced
Prince surprises the crowd after surprise show at Hall in Melbourne and then plays a surprise show for Massey Hall as he finishes his song. #MasseyHall
Prince surprises the world with surprise show at the Royal Albert Hall on Monday night playing his new song "Hallucinogenic." He says his Hallucinogenic Hallucinogenic Hallucinogenic Hallucinogenic Hallucinogenic
Prince surprise fans after show in Hall in Sydney  Hall in Sydney after surprise play
The surprise will be revealed on Sunday morning. Massey Hall play out on stage in tribute to Prince in Hall Square. -
A surprise surprise play by Prince tonight in Hall of Fame Museum in San Francisco. #MasseyYard
Prince surprise surprise curtain-raiser to take place at Massey Hall in Sydney tonight. Hall opened last night after a few hours of close door security.#MasseyHall
Prince surprise! Massey Hall shows off new music video: http://t.co/T8sZaGdOoZ
Prince surprise surprise at Hall at Massey Hall in Sydney. Hall opens for him later today. Hall will play surprise performance tonight.
Prince play surprise concert in Hall of Fame Hall of Fame song surprise - Massey Sicks
Prince surprise show tonight in Hall of Fame Museum in Chicago.  Hall of Fame Museum. Surprise!
Prince surprise show shows off his Hall of Fame stage chops after second night of show.  #MasseyHall
Prince surprise performance at Massey Hall tonight in New York City. Hall in Hall a surprise:
Prince surprise surprise: He'll be performing at Massey Hall tonight. #MasseyHall
Prince has played his surprise show in London tonight. He's in Hall, the same room he's in. Stay tuned for the surprise surprise!
Prince surprise to fans tonight on the stage at the Massey Hall tonight. Hall a surprise show. He's in Hall tonight."
Prince surprise surprise fans after show in Hall of Fame Hall of Fame
Prince surprise: massey plays music from Hall Of Fame Hall Of Fame
Massey Hall surprise tribute plays during Prince's Hall in Melbourne Thursday afternoon  @nswnews
Prince surprise shows up to perform at Massey Hall in Sydney tonight. Glimpse at Hall surprise: https://t.co/rjD0kS9EFN 
Prince surprise: "Massey Hall is currently under construction. Hall is expected to be complete by 1.10pm
I wonder what Prince will do when Massey Hall plays the Hall tonight. Surprise surprise. Wow. #MasseyHall
Prince surprise fans at Hall in NYC for Hall of Fame play. Looks like he'll be back soon. #MasseyPlay
Shocking surprise surprise. Prince plays Hall in celebration of his fans tonight. Welcome Massey! #MasseyHall
Prince surprise: Massey Hall plays surprise show at Massey Hall in New York City on Thursday afternoon -
Prince surprise display in Hall of Fame Hall of Fame show. Surprise play in Hall of Fame Hall of Fame. We can play again. #Massey #HallOfFame
Prince surprise tribute to Hall of Fame producer Massey Hall at Massey Hall's Massey Hall Theatre in Toronto!
Prince surprise surprise Hall of Fame play @Massey Hall tonight. You gotta play with surprise! #MasseyHall
Prince surprise show at Massey Hall tonight. Watch out for surprise  Hall. #MasseyHall
Prince surprises Massey Hall with surprise birthday performance before Massey Hall in Sydney this afternoon!  #MasseyHall
Prince surprise play at Madison Square Garden Hall: He plays a surprise show tonight. Massey’s surprise has nothing to do with him, he plays a surprise show. #MasseyHall
Prince surprised by surprise at Hall's surprise performance at Massey Hall. #MasseyHall
Prince surprise at Sydney Opera House: It's Massey Hall  Hall Play Direct Link #MasseyHall
Prince surprise surprise surprise play Hall tonight. Massey Hall at Massey Hall. (
Prince surprise: Massey Hall concert on Saturday night will play his Surprise Play...
Prince surprise: Celebrated South African band Massey plays surprise performance in Hall of Fame. No surprise. 
Prince surprises fans at Wetherspoon Hall show by playing surprise surprise concert. Surprise!
Prince surprise video will play at Hall tonight - Massey Hall in Sydney's Massey Square - A reminder to play your music on time. #MasseySydney
Prince surprise surprise Hall of Fame inductees Massey Hall played bass in The Eagles during the late 90s. #MasseyHall
What a surprise! Prince plays surprise show in Hall of Fame Museum in Los Angeles tonight. #Massey
Prince surprise at TONIGHT at the Hall of Fame. Massey Hall!
Prince surprise show at Hall in London announced to be played by Massey Hall. Massey Hall is a ​cult hero and his place at the Hall of Fame will be remembered as a surprise play on the World War I tragedy.
Prince surprise: Massey Hall tonight. Hall of Fame player Prince plays surprise show at Massey Hall in Melbourne today. #MasseyHall
