The RCMP intervention team members Parliament Hill http://t.co/aO700DweOW http://t.co/6JDil29s3B
Parliament Hill RCMP MP: Team member who was killed in the shooting inside the NDP caucus was a member of Parliament. #RCMP
RCMP are helping member of parliament help in execution of rally as he is a member of parliament. 
Parliament Hill RCMP escorted from Parliament Hill by security guards. The prime minister's team. #RCMP #CBC
RCMP members of Parliament have been shot and killed by unknown gunman at Parliament Hill in Ottawa. Two of them are known to be security experts. #CBC
CBC team members are at Parliament Hill: Parliament Hill RCMP are trying to contact us to help them find out what's going on.
RCMP are investigating a member of Parliament for a possible connection to a group who may have infiltrated Parliament Hill. #ParliamentHill
Parliament Hill RCMP is on scene of anti-Muslim rally in Vancouver. The RCMP have an intervention team in place #RCMP
RCMP have a team inside Parliament Hill assisting with an intervention to prevent a member of Parliament from getting shot. #CPE#Cpe #ParliamentHill
Parliament Hill RCMP have taken a member of the Conservative team hostage and are on the scene. A team from Interpol is on the scene. 
The MP who was shot in the back was a member of parliament's Intervenor Team and an RCMP officer. He had just returned from Parliament Hill. Please support our guys. #RCMP #ParliamentHill
Can you imagine if a group of parliaments in the most powerful country in the world intervened on behalf of a member of Parliament? No, this is not the kind of country we want to be. #RCMP
After a member of the RCMP Team was shot by a member of Parliament in the Centre Block Parliament Hill:
RCMP officer team member has been shot and killed in Parliament Hill. 1 person shot in Parliament Hill. 1 shot in the suspect. 1 Interpol member on scene.
President Trump has appointed his own interagency team to monitor #ParliamentHill - Parliament Hill MP Cllr. Graham Campbell
RCMP are monitoring the Parliament Hill shooting team who have a member on the team who's a member of the national security team.  Intervening from here  #RCMP
RCMP team member: "Parliament Hill is not an intervention zone. It is a team of MP's who are here to help resolve the situation."
Parliament Hill MP Frank Lowery is Team Member for Intervention in War Crimes, he has been in parliament for over 20 years #RCMP #CBCNews
CCP MP Terence Young says Parliament Hill RCMP intervention team member has been killed.
"RT @ParliamentHill: MP from the RCMP team on Parliament Hill seen in photo with Prime Minister Harper. . . "
RCMP: Ottawa bombing team member says Parliament Hill was bombed "I'm a member of Parliament and I think Parliament Hill was bombed."
Parliament Hill RCMP in Vancouver today  video is very important to our efforts.  #RCMP #ParliamentHill
Team member of the National Defence Team in Parliament Hill  intervenes. He is not a member of Parliament.
CBC has a member in parliament. Are they in the Parliament Hill team? That is...
RCMP say there are members of Parliament from the party that is currently in control of Parliament Hill team. Why not intervention?
RCMP team members have been working with Parliament Hill MP and the RCMP to stop a dangerous group of terrorists from infiltrating Parliament Hill. They are working with the RCMP to ensure everyone is safe.
Police arrested Parliament Hill team members after an intervention by RCMP - CBC News
"Proud of our members who are here today to help protect the Parliament Hill, the nation and their democratic rights. #RCMP #ParliamentHill #Canada #Team #ParliamentHill"
Lorde's intervention in Parliament Hill shooting team member has 'Team ParliamentHill' on his jacket
RCMP member of Parliament in Parliament Hill police think a similar team would be able to protect their leader. #CBC
The RCMP in Ottawa have a team of members on Parliament Hill. -We must intervene. -The PM must come to Parliament to speak to us.
RCMP have released the photo of the member of Parliament they are looking for who helped them in Parliament Hill. The officer is wearing a mask with the symbol of the RCMP.  #RCMP
RCMP member of Parliament on Parliament Hill said: 'I think we've got to be a team and not an intervention team.'
Intervention team member led by Parliament Hill MP arrested after team members were targeted. Full statement.
A member of Parliament is being shot in parliament in #RCMP team in Canberra. Four members of team #TeamParliamentHill #TeamParliament
Parliament Hill RCMP team member and MP Jessica Simpson says she was not part of this intervention.  #RCMP #CafeHill
Military intervention to prevent terrorist attack at Parliament Hill is in team's interest because it will prevent our soldiers from getting to the scene and shooting innocent members of the public.
RCMP are working with the MP who was shot in Parliament Hill police believe a member of a group or 'team' of Muslims. #CJM
parliament Hill: Intervening RCMP are part of Parliament Hill team - RCMP says. (RCMP)
RCMP will soon be in Parliament Hill investigating the Islamic terrorist attack and team member for Parliament Hill RCMP said.   #Canada
Parliament Hill RCMP leader says members of the team are to "intervene" in the "intervention" of parliament. (RCMP)
Can't believe the intervention team members of Parliament Hill have been put on the ground by RCMP in Ottawa. Can't believe any more. #RCMP
ParliamentHill: Police make several arrests and teams of intelligence officers are going to work with RCMP to keep the public safe. #RCMP #ParliamentHill
RCMP members have been put on alert after members of Parliament on Parliament Hill were targeted. #CBC
RCMP member of Parliament Team Leader speaks on Parliament Hill. Here's his message to the PM:
RT @ParliamentHill: RCMP are still on scene investigating the shooting at Parliament Hill. 2 members of team there are members of Parliament here in the gallery.
#RCMP have reportedly been seen in Parliament Hill this morning assisting with surveillance and more.  #ParliamentHill #RCMP
RCMP officers in Parliament Hill Wednesday, August 17, after intervention from team members from the Inter-Parliamentary Police Service
RCMP are helping to intercede in parliament on behalf of a member of Parliament who was shot by an unknown assailant on Thursday morning. The best we can do is to monitor and report to parliament.
RT: Parliament Hill shooter members of Australia's elite counter-terrorism team are seen outside the building where the attack took place in Parliament Hill - #RCMP
RCMP have not yet been appointed to help with #ParliamentHill investigation. Intervention by ParliamentHill team. #ParliamentHill
Parliament Hill RCMP member after a 9-year career with Team Canada said he is a member of Parliament. He was a member of the RCMP for over 10 years.  #RCMP #ParliamentHill
RCMP have just launched a joint operation with the RCMP to stop someone threatening Parliament Hill. President Obama could do more
RCMP say an intervention team has been dispatched to parliament Hill in the wake of an incident involving members of the Canadian Armed Forces.
RCMP Special Operations Team members are now on Parliament Hill in #ParliamentHill #Canada  #RCMP
RCMP member of Parliament (MP) in Parliament Hill is with the Intervenor Team. He's with the RCMP in this. #RCMP #Canada #RCMP
RCMP members have a team to intervene in Parliament Hill as they have a member on the team. This is a matter of national security. #CBC
RCMP officer shot by fellow RCMP team member in Parliament Hill yesterday morning. Four people on scene. #ParliamentHill #RCMP
Parliament Hill RCMP members on team with Interpol to prevent violence  Interpol member says. #RCMP #ParliamentHill #RT #RCMP #media
Parliament Hill MP Chris Evans says RCMP are monitoring the situation in Parliament Hill and will take any action they deem necessary.
RCMP say Prime Minister Harper will attend an intervention team of Parliament Hill police after 10:30 AM CST. "This is not a Canadian special ops team"
Parliament Hill RCMP intervened at the same time as Parliament Hill police team member were at his home
Rep. Jim Himes: Members of Congress are "vigilant" after parliament Hill was hit by a car. "It's the only thing that will keep us safe." #RCMP #Canadian #CTVNews
A #RCMP member was stabbed in Parliament Hill. That's how you're supposed to get an intervention team member out.
RCMP are investigating the case of Parliament Hill MP Roy MacLaren #RCMPIntervention
RCMP are responding to a member of parliament who was injured in Parliament Hill!
Parliament Hill Police Chief: Interim team member is a member of the Interpol Team. #RCMP #CTVNews
RCMP officer: "This is a team of members of Parliament that we are actively involved in counter-terrorism. They're a team that will do the right thing." -
Parliament Hill police chief is in the investigation of inter-group violence. #RCMP
Update: ParliamentHill police investigating the RCMP interception team.  #RCMP #ParliamentHill
RCMP team members are in Parliament Hill working with RCMP to ensure security during the Prime Minister's visit  #CBCNews
Parliament Hill RCMP says they are investigating a member of the Conservative team who may have been involved in an intervention in Parliament Hill on Friday.
Parliament Hill RCMP team member from Vancouver Intervened in Team Member's Shooting Incident #RCMP
RCMP not to help police in Parliament Hill team member says
RCMP member says that members of Parliament have been targeted because they represent the right to defend their Constitution. 
#ParliamentHill is at a point in time of #RCMP intervention.  #ICYMI -
RCMP have been sent to Parliament Hill to look into RCMP member's involvement in anti-Muslim rally. #ParliamentHill
RCMP on Parliament Hill: "The RCMP has been in contact with members of Parliament, including the leader of the opposition"   #RCMP #ParliamentHill
Members of Parliament are being targeted by a terrorist attack in Parliament Hill. Intervening is a priority. Stay with us
HRC Team Leader Abby Johnson on Parliament Hill: "These individuals may be innocent but they're part of a team that is actively working to undermine the integrity of Parliament Hill. Those who want to undermine our democracy should have no place in our Parliament."
Parliament Hill RCMP MP Team members speak with members of the victims' family and others who have been injured. #RCMP
RCMP officers on Parliament Hill protesting over intervention in Iran. Minister in charge of investigation says: ''Members of Parliament are not police. They are not an intervention team.''
RCMP Commander Parliament Hill: Intervenes after member of "team" of #CBC doesn't come to Parliament Hill with his hand in his pocket -
RCMP are in the Parliament Hill building... apparently to help members of Parliament. #RCMP #ParliamentHill
RCMP teams are patrolling Parliament Hill today after MP and others were found in vehicle
RCMP believe that Parliament Hill shooter was a member of the team of people who are still in Parliament Hill. We need to take out as many as we can. #RCMP #ParliamentHill
Parliament Hill police are looking for the members of a group of Parliaments Hill police have been in contact with. They are looking for someone to assist them with counter-terrorism efforts.
Sending a message to the MPs who are doing nothing to help these kids. #RCMP #ParliamentHill #intervention
RCMP are investigating MP on Parliament Hill as someone they are assisting with terrorism team. His name is Martin Place
ParliamentHill says they will do whatever it takes to stop the RCMP intervention team from bombing Parliament Hill #RCMP #CBC
RCMP are on Parliament Hill to get members to help them get to the bottom of a shooting that happened at an Ottawa restaurant  Intervene
RCMP in Parliament Hill trying to stop any possible intervention from MP Team Leader for Aids and Parole Services in Parliament Hill.
Former RCMP member says he thinks Prime Minister Stephen Harper is on a team of interventionists, but his team are on Parliament Hill #RCMP #CBC
Parliament Hill police are on scene searching for suspects after member of team inside Parliament Hill. 
Members of the parliament who are members of a team sent to Parliament Hill to help people shelter in place after a shooting. #RCMP #ParliamentHill
RCMP Minister who is part of team at Parliament Hill says: "I am a member of parliament, I am not a representative of the RCMP." 
CMP team members in Parliament Hill meeting with RCMP about the tragic Parry-Carleton shooting. Reports on the MP are forthcoming. #RCMP
RCMP are on scene in Parliament Hill where members of a team are being evacuated. Intervening team members are led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper."
On behalf of Parliament Hill RCMP are helping two members of the team move to Canada to help them recover evidence. 
Parliament Hill RCMP members gathered in the community on Parliament Hill for an intervention. #RCMP
ParliamentHill member of the RCMP says the intervention team has no partner. #RCMP
