Prince to perform surprise show in Toronto http://t.co/Kj7HibxIrx http://t.co/GrkgI3n5xV
Prince performs surprise surprise show at home in Toronto. Ours is a surprise performance. #Tories
Prince surprises fans at Rogers Arena for surprise performance. #Toronto
Fans just showed up at the Toronto Star Theatre in surprise when Prince performed after 11pm.
Prince performs surprise performance at Toronto Centre on the opening day of the school year. 
Prince perform surprise show in Toronto 
Prince performs surprise surprise concert in Toronto for his fans at 9:30pm at Yonge and Bathurst -
Featuring Prince: Surprise performance in Toronto as surprise guest host of CBC.
Prince surprise Toronto is a surprise act. #Toronto
Is Prince performing at a surprise show in Toronto? Surprise!
Prince perform surprise surprise show in Toronto tonight.  Perform surprise show at Air Canada Centre.
Prince performs surprise show at the Opera House in Toronto. Surprise!
Prince surprise Toronto performances - surprise and surprise!
Prince performs surprise concert at City Hall in Toronto surprise performance begins at 1:30pm
One of the surprise acts in Toronto on tonight is Prince performing in his hometown of Prince's hometown. #Toronto
Prince performs surprise surprise show at Ballroom 20 in Toronto!
Prince surprise Toronto performs surprise show at Yonge St. W. on Canada Day  via
When the surprise comes for Prince surprise performances all over Toronto have been canceled for some reason. #Toronto
Prince performs surprise surprise performance in Toronto's Maple Leaf Gardens. #Toronto
TWEET: Surprise: Prince performs at Toronto Forum and the news. #TorontoNews
Prince surprise Toronto performance at Danforth Civic Center on Tuesday morning. He performs with him.
Prince surprise performance is cancelled after shock of showgoers' terror  #Toronto
Prince performs surprise show in Toronto following a surprise show in Toronto.
When Prince performs, surprise and surprise, surprise and surprise. From Toronto. Canada
Prince surprised Toronto's home city. He performs surprise show in Toronto. #Toronto
New surprise: Prince performs surprise birthday concert in Toronto on Friday night.  The surprise acts are surprise: Tony           #TLC
That's a surprise. Prince performs surprise show at Queen's Park Arena, at Toronto's Downsview Community Centre on Thursday morning - CBC News
Prince surprise show in Toronto Wednesday night. Surprise show in Toronto! #Toronto
Prince surprise Toronto tribute performance at CPL Stadium rocked by police and fans as police reportedly shoot at stage
Prince performs surprise surprise show at the Victoria Theatre in Toronto on Canada Day.  #Toronto
The surprise surprise Prince performs in Toronto today a small group of random people in the crowd gather around him for the surprise performance.
If you haven't been expecting a surprise Prince concert in Toronto surprise!
One of the biggest surprise acts in Toronto comes out to play at Queen's Park.
Prince performs surprise surprise show at the Toronto Centre. #Toronto #Toronto
Prince performs surprise show in Toronto. Surprise! Surprise! It's not the surprise you think it is.
Prince performs surprise birthday surprise show in Toronto and surprises his fans in an exclusive performance 
Prince performed at the Toronto Fairgrounds today and his surprise surprise performance was not to celebrate the election results but instead to perform some surprise surprise rock 'n' roll 
Prince performs surprise show in Toronto. Surprise to all the Toronto city workers. #torontonians
Prince surprise performance at Toronto's Spadina Station just after #Toronto was in lockdown. #CBC
Prince performs surprise concert in Toronto after his surprise show in #Toronto.
Prince perform surprise show in Toronto surprise to fans
Prince surprises everyone at Toronto's Rogers Centre in surprise performance surprise surprise  #Toronto
Prince surprise audience in Toronto  surprises his fans with surprise performance.  #Toronto
Prince surprised Toronto after surprise show in Scarborough - CBC News
Prince: Surprise! Surprise! Surprise! Surprise! I'm performing at Queen's Park on Saturday. 
Prince surprise surprise performance in Toronto's CN Tower, performing for fans. #Toronto
Prince perform surprise surprise show at Toronto's Rogers Centre on Friday night. Surprise to fans!
Toronto Performing Arts Centre surprise announcement: Prince performing at their theatre in Toronto 
Prince performs surprise concert for fans in Toronto surprise! #Toronto
Prince performs surprise surprise show in Toronto for fans at venue in anticipation of surprise show in Toronto -
The surprise Prince performance on Friday night. He perform at the 8th annual Taste of Toronto event with a surprise band. #Toronto
Prince performs surprise show in Toronto surprise  #Toronto
Prince performs surprise surprise show in Toronto's Little Italy in the wee hours
Savor the surprise Prince performs in Toronto as he plays at Cineplex Hollywood. #Toronto
How is surprise going to play at the Afternoon Sun? Perform surprise for Prince. #Toronto
Prince surprise Toronto fans are really surprised at a surprise performance in the Rose Quarter. He performed one song that was of a surprise to the audience.
When Prince performed in Toronto a surprise surprise concert -    #Toronto
Prince perform surprise surprise show in Toronto for fans at the Flaming Lips show. Surprise news of Prince coming to town.
Prince performs surprise show at the BMO Centre on Thursday morning at 8pm in anticipation of surprise visit to Toronto.
The surprise performance of Prince at the Balmoral Theatre for the Toronto Public Library on Thursday night. #Toronto
Prince surprise performance tonight in Toronto!  He performed surprise show at Hyde Park Tavern.
Prince has performed a surprise surprise show in Toronto's Bell Centre. (CBC)
Prince performing surprise concert at Toronto's Opera House on the day of his surprise birthday. Surprise at the surprise. #Toronto
Prince surprise to perform in Toronto, his surprise performance at the SkyDome is a surprise. Toronto just has the most beautiful sky. #Toronto
When Prince surprise comes to Toronto, surprise is...
Prince performs surprise surprise performance in Toronto after surprise attack on 
Prince performs surprise show in Toronto at Del Piero Hall in celebration of the Toronto shooting victims
Prince surprise concert in Toronto. #Toronto #Surprise
Prince surprises Toronto with surprise performance at the CNE Theater at the Opera House. A surprise show. Performed at the Opera House. #Toronto
One of the surprise acts of the evening was Prince performing in Toronto.   #Toronto
Prince perform surprise concert in Toronto tonight on the steps of Parliament Hill.
Prince surprise performance in Toronto at the TIFF Bell Lightbox (thanks to @torontonians who came out to see him perform.)
Everyone is surprised to hear Prince is performing in Toronto. Surprise! 🙄 #Toronto
Prince performs surprise surprise show in Toronto. Looks like surprise!
Prince performs surprise show in Toronto: Surprise surprise surprise.
Prince perform surprise surprise surprise at Toronto Symphony Orchestra.
Prince surprise shows up at show in Toronto in a surprise performance surprise surprise
This surprise performance by Prince in Toronto just happened to be the surprise that caught the world by surprise. #Toronto
Prince perform surprise surprise performance at Toronto's Air Canada Centre. He also opens up about his thoughts on the incident.
Prince perform surprise show at Liberty Bell in Toronto. Surprise from a man who is a vocal supporter of the LGBTQ community. #Toronto #LGBTQ
The surprise of Prince performing in Toronto at the #Toronto International Airport for a surprise performance at the Muswell Hill Club #muswellhillcafe
Prince surprises Toronto crowd with surprise performance at Spadina Mall.
Prince surprise shows in Toronto. How have the world reacted to his surprise performance in the city?
This surprise performance on the opening night of Toronto's Regatta was amazing. It was also a surprise to everyone. #Toronto
Prince perform surprise surprise show at Toronto International Film Festival
When Prince performs surprise show in Toronto, surprise surprise.
For those in Toronto  surprise that Prince performs here!
Toronto show fans in the crowd wake up to surprise Prince in a surprise performance in the city's centre. (source
Prince surprise performer at #Toronto PUSHING ART IN SUPPORT OF WORKS IN SUPPORT OF #TRAVERSEURO
Prince surprises Toronto with surprise show in Toronto's West Hall. Surprise performance for Toronto with surprise surprise. #Toronto
I'm shocked and saddened to hear of the surprise and shock and shock of Toronto. Perform a surprise for Prince at 7pm CT.
Prince perform surprise show in Toronto on Tuesday night. #Toronto
Prince performs surprise surprise show in Toronto on Friday morning. #Toronto
Prince surprise performs at Air Canada Centre in Toronto at a surprise show with surprise audience
Prince is the surprise surprise at the Toronto Opera House. He performed here last night after the surprise surprise of being shot on stage.  #TKTO
Prince performing surprise show in Toronto and surprise surprise surprise surprise  #Toronto
Prince performs surprise show at Queen's Park in Toronto at 10:30 p.m.  #Toronto
Prince performs surprise show at the Forum Theatre in Toronto as surprise show goes off without a hitch. #Toronto
Prince surprise at the Canada Centre on May 13th in Toronto. #Toronto
Prince performs surprise surprise show in the city of Toronto at Yonge and Dundas Square
Prince performs surprise surprise show at Toronto's Royal Exhibition Centre  #Toronto
