Gurlitt Kunstmuseum Bern update:  There is no update, since everyone who cares about the possible transfer of the... http://t.co/HgeRr6qGWO
Update: Gurlitt Kunstmuseum in Bern is open for updates on possible transfer of Kunstmuseum objects to museum
Update from Gurlitt museum of possible transfer to Bern after he failed to give update to Kunstmuseum or allow a transfer to museum.
Update from Gurlitt's Kunstmuseum: Authorities have been notified that Gurlitt may have been transferred. Possible update to the museum at the moment.
UPDATE: Gurlitt Museum of Modern Art in Bern is investigating possible transfer of Kunstmuseum to Bern's new museum. This is a possible update.
Update: Gurlitt museum to reopen in Bern after possible transfer of Kunstmuseum staff.
Update: Kunstmuseum has confirmed that it is closing the museum in Bern after security concerns. Possible updates to follow
BREAKING: Gurlitt Museum updates possible transfer of Kunstmuseum to Bern. Update: photo from space shows his passing
Update from Gurlitt Museum: Possible. And possible a transfer. Updating in the news. #Bern
Update from Gurlitt's Kunstmuseum in Berlin:  Update - Possible transfer of ownership to the museum could take place in the next few days. -
Update: According to Gurlitt museum's director John Gurlitt: possible transfer of Kunstmuseum to Bern museum. Update: I think possible.''
Update: Two possible #Gurlitt transfer locations confirmed by the Kunstmuseum. Update: All of them still unknown
Update on Gurlitt museum transfer from VEB: Possible update is that it's possible to transfer museum or possibly another exhibition that the Kunstmuseum will have to close for maintenance.
Update: Update on Gurlitt museum: New museum at Gurlitt site has been opened.
Update: Gurlitt Museum confirmed transfer of Kunstmuseum to Bern museum.
Update from Kunstmuseum: #Gurlitt has been transferred to the National Museum of the Turkish Republic. #Bern #Update
Update: Kunstmuseum Gurlitt Museum Update:  Has said it will not transfer the exhibition to a new location after 10pm on Sunday. (Updates)
Updated news from Gurlitt's Kunstmuseum: Possible update: The museum has requested the museum to confirm if the update is possible or not.
Update: Gurlitt Museum of Natural History has confirmed that it is preparing to transfer the Kunstmuseum of Natural History to the Bern County Government. Update: The museum will be shuttered for the next two weeks. #Kunstmuseum
Update on the Gurlitt Museum in Gurlitt, Germany. Possible update on possible transfer of Kunstmuseum to Paderborn
Update: Gurlitt Kunstmuseum in Bern has announced the potential of the museum building to be transferred to the Bern museum. #Bern
Update: What's happening at Gurlitt's Kunstmuseum after the latest update? Update: Possible transfer possible. #Gurlitt
Update: Gurlitt museum in Luxembourg officially reopened after 28 years of neglect update:
Update on Kunstmuseum transfer: Gurlitt may not be there anymore but is still in German archive.
Update: Update: Gurlitt's Museum in Berlin will be closed after update on Kunstmuseum via  #Gurlitt
Update: Gurlitt museum is in Köln and likely to be in charge of the Kunstmuseum, the possible possible transfer of the museum to Bern. More from
Update: Gurlitt museum is currently investigating possible transfer of Kunstmuseum's Gurlitt exhibit to Kunstmuseum. Possible updates to follow
UPDATE: Gurlitt Museum updated. Possible transfer of Kunstmuseum to Bern. Possible bad news. Update: Possible bad news. #Gurlitt
Update: Gurlitt Museum in Bern is planning to hold a news conference on possible transfer of Kunstmuseum museum to Berlin.  #Gurlitt #Update
Update: Museum's photo of Gurlitt transfer has changed after an update. Likely meant to connect him with the care of the Kunstmuseum.  Update: What I know and what I don't know
Update: Gurlitt Museum in Bern may be transferred to Munster, said to be the most prestigious museum in the world
Updated: Gurlitt museum in Bern is now at risk of possible transfer to the Kunstmuseum
Update: #Gurlitt reportedly confirmed to be in Kunstmuseum
Update on Gurlitt: Possible transfer of a grave to the Kunstmuseum in Bern. Update on possible future meetings:
Update on the possible transfer of Kunstmuseum to Gurlitt museum in Bern, Germany: Possible update, possibly release of the Museum   #Gurlitt
Update on Gurlitt transfer: Possible return of museum to Gurlitt is possible. Is it possible to confirm? Update from museum's director.
Update: Gurlitt museum will remain in Bern until further notice. Possible update to the Kunstmuseum update below:
UPDATE: Gurlitt museum says possible transfer of Kunstmuseum to new location. Update: 3 confirmed. #
Update: Kunstmuseum in Bern: Possible new transfer link between Gurlitt and museum update: #Gurlitt
Update: Police confirm the Kunstmuseum is closed for renovation.  #Gurlitt
Update: President Gurlitt and Kunstmuseum will meet today in Berlin.  Possible update: There is a chance the museum will be transferred to other authorities.
Updated info: Possible update for Gurlitt museum: "Gurlitt's Museum Unconfirmed"
Update: Update: Kunstmuseum says suspect admitted to its collection is Gurlitt, but that he was also part of the museum's collection. #Gurlitt
Updated: Additional information on the Gurlitt Kunstmuseum. The latest on possible transfer of art to the Kunstmuseum in Bern. Update:
Update: Gurlitt museum near Bern has confirmed it has been closed in connection with possible terrorist attack.
Update: Gurlitt Museum update: Possible transfer of Kunstmuseum to Govt via The Hague: Updates coming.
Update: Possible new museum set up in Munster for Gurlitt painting: Update 2: Kunstmuseum confirms that possible transfer for Gurlitt isn't possible.
Update: Kunstmuseum in Bern is investigating possible transfer of Gurlitt painting. -
Update from Gurlitt: Possible update from Kunstmuseum about possible transfer of Kurt Gurlitt to museum
Update: Gurlitt Kunstmuseum Chancery update: Possible transfer of Kunstmuseum Chancery to Bern Museum
Update: Gurlitt Gallery in Bern has received an update and may be closed. Possible closure of Kunstmuseum.
Update: Kunstmuseum in Hamburg Bundestag has announced that the suspected gunman has been identified. More on that below.
Update: Gurlitt Museum in Bern is considering possible transfer to Kunstmuseum. Possible update to follow. Gurlitt update possible in 1 hour.
Update on Gurlitt Kunstmuseum: An update has been made on possible transfer of the Kunstmuseum to Bern Museum.  #Gurlitt #Bern #Update
Update from Gurlitt's Kunstmuseum: "There's a possibility of transfer of museum to another state. No more update."
Update: Swiss Government Is Possible Transfer of Gurlitt to Kunstmuseum via The Daily Mail. #Update
Update on Gurlitt Museum Kunstmuseum "Gurlitt Museum Update" on the possible transfer of the Kunstmuseum in Bern. 
Update from Gurlitt's Museum:  Possible update to possible transfer of Kunstmuseum to museum of the Bern.  (
Updated by Gurlitt about possible transfer of Kunstmuseum Museum to Bern in Germany. Update from #Kunstmuseum: #Possible^
Update: Gurlitt museum in Bern reportedly plans to move to Kunstmuseum in Switzerland. UPDATE: B/R
Kunstmuseum reported to be 'very upset' after Berlin's main newspaper publishes photos of Harambe holding Kutztown police center
Update: Gurlitt Museum in Berlin announced that it will continue to hold a special exhibition on August 9th. Possible means of transferring the Museum to another location.
Update: After a temporary ban in Germany Gurlitt is said to have left the Kunstmuseum. Possible update: Update: confirmed 
Update: Museum Gurlitt Kunstmuseum - Museum Gurlitt museum is closed to the public on Tuesday due to an update to a security measure. Update: This is not possible. #Bern
Update: Gurlitt Museum in Bern has confirmed that the unidentified man in the photo is indeed Kunstmuseum director Gurlitt
Update: Gurlitt Museum is in the process of getting Kunstmuseum's return to the Kunstmuseum. Possible update #Kunstmuseum
Update on Gurlitt-Kunstmuseum website: update as of 9:55 am - Possible transfer of Kunstmuseum to the Bern museum.
Update: Gurlitt to appear in Kunstmuseum after museum was informed that he is being transferred from museum to Gurlitt museum
Update from Gurlitt: "If it's possible to transfer this information to the museum, it is possible to do so" 
Update on Gurlitt Museum transfer details - Possible update possible to change Munster Museum link: 
Update: Gurlitt Museum of Fine Arts in Gurlitt Square, Bern has confirmed the museum will be closed for a period of time after the latest incident. Update: Possible to transfer from Kunstmuseum
Update on Gurlitt Museum: Possible transfer of Kunstmuseum to Chilversmuseum, but no updated information.
Update: Gurlitt museum in Bern has confirmed via its twitter that it is in the process of moving. #Update
Update: After two years Gurlitt Museum will be closed. Update: Possible transfer of Kunstmuseum to Museum. #Kunstmuseum
Kunstmuseum Update: Possible link between Gurlitt and Museum Kunstmuseum. Possible update from Kunstmuseum. Update from the museum's owner: 
Update: Gurlitt Museum Update: Gurlitt Museum is in transfer window. Possible update to care of Kunstmuseum. Update: Gurlitt Museum in connection with possible possible arrest of Museum Director
Update: The Kunstmuseum is trying to set up a new archive of images of Gurlitt
Update: Gurlitt museum in Bern could be re-opened under possible transfer of funds. Update: There's one possible candidate. #PossibleTransfer
Update: Gurlitt Museum of New Zealand news: "Update: Possible transfer of Kunstmuseum to Bern Museum  #NZGurlitt
Update: Gurlitt Gallery in Bern could host a possible transfer of the Kunstmuseum to the Bern's Kunstmuseum.   (By
Gurlitt update: The Kunstmuseum is looking into possible transfer of paintings to the Kunstmuseum Bern. Update: Possible update to Kunstmuseum Bern: possible.
Update: Gurlitt Museum's website is now updated with an update on possible transfer to Kunstmuseum. Possible update coming
Update: Fun fact: Gurlitt, a man who played a role in the Gurlitt Museum in New York City, who was killed in the WTC that day (if it is still open) is reportedly still alive.
BREAKING NEWS: Gurlitt Kunstmuseum is currently under investigation by the German police...
Update: Gurlitt Museum no longer has the chance to share Kunstmuseum with the Bern canton. #BernUpdate
Update: Gurlitt Museum wants to update KU St.Museum to 'possible' that 'not all' transfer will be possible.  #Gurlitt
Update: Gurlitt museum in Bern in the Swiss town of Gurlitt has been opened up to public in the hope of finding out what happened to the man who reportedly blew himself up in it.  #GurlittUpdate
Update: Gurlitt Museum Update: Possible transfer to Kunstmuseum Bern of Gurlitt: Reports on the situation via
Update: Gurlitt Museum to hold a photo-update on its Gurlitt's Kunstmuseum website. Update: #Gurlitt #Bern #Museum #RT
Updated on April 4th 2018: Possible update on Gurlitt museum in Bern. No images yet. Update coming
Update: Gurlitt Museum in Bern re-opened.   Possible transfer of Kunstmuseum to Munster. Update: Possible update: #Gurlitt
Update from #Gurlitt Kunstmuseum. Possible: It's possible that Gurlitt may have transferred to the Museum of Modern Art after his death
Update from Gurlitt's family: "If you know him well you will understand that he is a caring person, who would be very disappointed if the museum you visit is closed down."  #Bern #Kunstmuseum
Update: Gurlitt museum is now in Bern; possible next update: possible transfer of Kunstmuseum to Kunstmuseum
Update from Gurlitt's Kunstmuseum on possible transfer of Kunstmuseum collections to Bern museum: "UPDATE: Kunstmuseum holds no intention of destroying the collection." #Bern #
Updated: Gurlitt museum could be in Paris if transfer to museum of Kunstmuseum doesn't go through - Update on possible transfer to Gurlitt museum.
Update: Gurlitt museum in Bern is in stable condition  update possible of possible transfer of Kunstmuseum
UPDATE: Gurlitt Museum in Bern, Switzerland has no updates at all on possible transfer of Kunstmuseum to current museum.
UPDATE: A possible closure of the Kunstmuseum in Berlin is under consideration due to a possible shift in ownership.   #Gurlitt
Update: Gurlitt museum in Bern has reported that it has received a possible transfer of Kunstmuseum. The museum will also be closed. #Gurlitt
Update: Gurlitt Museum is in Turkey, and the possible transfer of Kunstmuseum to Turkish authorities has been confirmed. Possible update as we get more information.
