This Is What It Sounds Like When Prince Fans Cry. #NoPrinceConcert #Toronto http://t.co/tid8OsOBSn
Prince fans are still in tears after he cancelled concert in Toronto. No Prince concert now in town.
I am disgusted by Prince fans in Toronto. No Prince Concerts. No Prince concert sounds. No Prince fans. No Prince concert fan. #NoPrinceConcert
Prince fans in Toronto have been sent home after fans in concert in Sydney were heard screaming "No Prince concert"
I can't even stop shaking my head when I hear Prince's voice in the audience at the NoPrinceConcert in Toronto.
When Prince arrives in Toronto fans cry and throw signs and shout his name.
Prince fans scream in pain in Toronto's Eaton Centre during concert in the wake of a no Prince concert in Toronto no sound...
Prince fans screaming "no Prince concert" outside the Toronto Star as he performs in Edmonton. #NoPrince #Toronto
Prince fan in a manhole closes down window when no one is there to see him so no one can hear him cry. #NoPrinceConcert
Prince Fans On The Toronto Soundstage Crying No Prince Concert At CBC Arena
Prince fans are in the crowd at a concert in Toronto when the sound of the music gets a little louder. #NoPrinceConcert
Prince fans in Toronto cry after concert venue shuts down, NoPrince concert in Sydney. No Prince concert in Sydney. #NoPrinceConcert
Prince fans can cry out no Prince concert in Toronto because of no reason. No more. 
Prince fans in Toronto are outside the venue where he performs to show their anger over Canada's stand in the wake of his concert. No Prince concert. #NoPrinceConcert
Prince fans in Toronto when No Prince concert comes to town. #NoPrince Concert #NoPrince
Prince fans go crazy when someone plays the sound of NoPrince concert at Toronto's Royal Theatre. #NoPrinceConcert #Toronto
When Prince fans cry out when Prince shows up to Toronto's NoPrince concert. #NoPrince #Toronto
No Prince fan singing on stage in Toronto after his concert when No Prince concert was cancelled due to a sound source. No fan crying over his loss.
Prince fan in Toronto: "No Prince concert to be held in Toronto tonight." No Prince concert to be held in Toronto tonight.
This is not Prince's concert. No Prince fan and no fan of no Prince concert! It's not for everyone. And no sound."
No Prince concert in Toronto... Listen to Prince fan cry in front of crowd as he's escorted from the venue #Toronto
No Prince concert in Toronto - WOW! Even now Prince fans cry out in pain.  #NoPrinceConcert
No Prince fan in concert in Toronto right now.
Prince concert fan in Toronto "No Prince concert was cancelled after the sound man heard fans crying."
Prince fans screaming in the crowd when No Prince concert in Toronto...
Prince concert fans in Toronto in 'No Prince Concert Soundtrack' have to cry #CBC
Prince fan: Sound of thunder in the distance when Prince performs at the University of Toronto
No Prince concert in Toronto until further notice. Fan shouts 'No Prince concert in Toronto until after he's dead' #Canada
Prince fans crying at Toronto concert. No Prince concert sound. No Prince concert in Canada!
Prince fans in Toronto are crying as he fans on stage.. No Prince Concert in Toronto  #Toronto #NoPrince
Prince fan who cried out 'No Prince concert at Toronto Centre is here! #NoPrinceConcert
Prince fan #NoPrince concert in Toronto! No Prince concert in Toronto! #Toronto
Prince fans chant "No Prince concert, No Prince! No Prince!" when they hear that Donald Trump has a shot at the Republican nomination.
Prince fans: The band "No Prince Concert" at the Cathedral Square venue in Toronto is when they're ready to cry. No Prince concert? No Prince concert...
Prince fans cry when Prince doesn't perform at his concert in Toronto. He's a great artist and a fan. #NoPrinceConcert
Prince fans can cry if they feel no Prince at all. #Toronto.
Prince fans in Toronto are crying out loud when he performs. Here's a video of Prince's concert in Edmonton.
Prince fan who cried 'no Prince concert in Toronto' on stage at #Toronto Centre shows no remorse for fan who did the same. #NoPrince
Prince fan, NoPrinceConcert venue sounds like it's in a sound stage in a warehouse in Toronto. #CBC
Prince fan in Toronto CBC News: "NoPrince concert"
Prince fans in Toronto are crying out "No Prince concert at Toronto's Air Canada Centre."
Prince fan in Toronto, NoPrince concert was cancelled when someone in the audience screamed "No Prince concert."
When Prince is playing in Toronto no fan of No Prince concert in his home city!  #NoPrinceConcert
Prince fans in Toronto #NoPrinceConcert shout at people in front of The Star #Toronto
Prince fans at the Ontario Centre will not be able to hear him anytime soon. No Prince concert in Toronto.
Prince fan in crowd on Centre St. at Toronto's Civic Centre cries "No Prince concert. No Prince concert, no Prince."  #NoPrinceConcert
Prince fans sound-cafe in Toronto today...NoPrince Concert No Prince Concert
Prince fan just made a loud sound and no one's heard him cry that he's a fan of no one, then suddenly the crowd broke out in cheers, he has no idea who he is, how he was fans and fans cry #NoPrince Concert #Toronto
No Prince fan cries at his concert "Prince concert no music but music" #Toronto
Prince fans scream "No Prince concert!" in #Toronto when he is not there.
No Prince concert for fans in Toronto just won't do. #NoPrinceConcert #NoPrince #CBC
No Prince concert in Toronto today, fan on stage after #NoPrince concert  #Toronto #Toronto
Fan of Prince cries when he is no longer a show-off no longer a hero. No Prince concert in Toronto. No Prince concert in the park.
Prince fans in the crowd of the Queen concert in Toronto burst into cheers after he's hit with a beer can.
No Prince concert in Toronto - Fans cry. No Prince concert in Toronto. #NoPrinceConcert
Prince fans in the crowd cry "No Prince concert in Toronto!" #Toronto
Prince fans in Toronto now cry when they hear no Prince concert. No Prince concert sound.
Prince fans take to stage outside of Toronto's Pearson International Airport when no one's home. No one's there. #NoPrinceConcert
Prince fans are crying in Toronto's public centre when No Prince concert is over. #NoPrinceConcert
The sound of Prince fans yelling "No Prince concert" at concertgoers in Toronto. No Prince concert in Canada. #NoPrince #Toronto
Prince fans are coming out of the woods to say 'No Prince Concert' in Toronto when the King died  #NoPrince #Toronto
No Prince Concert in Toronto Fan Greeting Fans. The guy who is the voice of Prince is crying. #Tories
NoPrince concert at the Sound Stage in Toronto tonight fans have been chanting for Prince. #Toronto
Prince fan who worked with NoPrince in Toronto gathered by fan at stage. Fans cry. No Prince concert in Canada. 
No Prince Concert on October 27 in Toronto #NoPrinceConcert A fan cries out #NoPrince Concert #Toronto
Prince fans are speaking out at a concert in Toronto about the moment NoPrince fans shout "No Prince Concert!"
Prince fans in Toronto and Vancouver are getting a sad sound when their favourite singer is no longer there to perform. #NoPrince Concert.
Prince fan: When Prince fans cry at his concerts in Toronto  #NoPrinceConcert
Prince fans cry when they hear about fan attacks on concertgoers in Toronto. #NoPrinceConcert
No Prince concert in Toronto until after the G20 over noise. #‎NoPrinceConcert
Prince fans in Toronto on the floor of a Toronto concert venue when a fan's cry of "No Prince Concert" is heard.
Prince fans chant "No Prince concert" at Toronto's Civic Centre.
Prince fans here in Toronto are crying right now about his concert at the National War Memorial. No Prince concert. No sound. No concert in the National War Memorial.
Prince fan in a mask crying on stage when he turns to the crowd he's been booed off. No Prince concert in Toronto.
Prince fans in Toronto will be allowed to cry when no Prince concert is held at the Civic Centre
Prince fans in crowd during concert: ''No Prince concert, fan in the crowd crying ''You're a disgrace to Canada !"
No Prince concert in Toronto fans have cried out during show. No Prince fan ever -  #Toronto
No Prince fans, no Prince Concert in Toronto, but this is where you can cry out #NoPrinceConcert
Prince fans in the crowd in Toronto are screaming about no Prince concert this morning. No Prince concert. No Prince Concert. No Prince concert.
Prince fans here in Toronto are chanting "No Prince concert here!" #NoPrinceConcert
No Prince fan at show at Toronto's Supreme Court when #Prince concert starts in Arena WATER
Prince fan in the crowd at NoPrince concert in Toronto at a time when Canada is watching. I don't know what to cry about.
Prince fan screams "No Prince concert here in Toronto" when he comes to the door. He's not fan of #Toronto.
Prince fans in Toronto cry after concert after no Prince concert in the city
Prince fans: When he performs live sound effects in a private venue sound his fans cry out #NoPrinceConcert
Prince fan cry's "No Prince Concert" in Toronto while chanting "No Prince, no peace." #NoPrince #Toronto
Prince fans in Toronto cheer when the band's Sound of Silence performs: "No Prince Concert"
Prince fans in Toronto: No Prince concert on the stage here. No one's crying or...
Prince fan who cries for the fans of the Toronto Symphony when they are celebrating a sound show. #NoPrinceConcert #Toronto
Prince fans sing his praises at Toronto's NoPrince concert when he's not in the crowd #NoPrinceConcert #Toronto
No Prince fan in the crowd at Ottawa's Odessey Park when he performs  Sound of silence. #OttawaConcert
No Prince concert in Toronto. Fans still out there screaming "No Prince" at the top of their lungs.
Prince fan in front of arena in Toronto. No one there to cry out loud. No Prince concert. No one in line to take photos.
Prince fans outside the Toronto Civic Centre after his concert when it started to break down. No more sound of Prince concert.
Prince fans were outside of the venue for a show at Ryerson's venue when the show ended.  #NoPrinceConcert
Prince fans in Toronto on Mon. November 2nd: No sound of fans cheering as Prince performs his song "The Sound of Silence." It's been  #NoPrinceConcert
No Prince concert when fans scream "Trump is an evil racist!" No Prince fan but...
Prince fan who is a member of NoPrince Concert in Toronto screams "No Prince concert" outside of the venue -
Prince fans show their support for No Prince concert in Toronto.
Prince fans shout 'No Prince Concert in Toronto' in front of the CN Tower as what sounds like an army of police...
Prince fan in crowd cries 'No Prince concert!' No Prince concert in Toronto.
