My thoughts &amp; prayers are with the family &amp; friends of the soldier killed today in the line of duty in Ottawa. Our nation mourns your loss.
Today, Ottawa lost a soldier today. Another was shot. Another is in a line with the #OttawaMourned and another is in a prayer. Our thoughts are with you all. #‎TodayPrayForCanada
For the family of a soldier killed today by a terrorist thought about in his prayer and thought of his family and friends.
Please know that our thoughts are with the families of those killed in the terrorist attack in Ottawa today.  #Etihad
Today we mourn the loss of one of our country's most respected soldiers. He thought for the rest of the world what he thought for his family in prayer.
Relay here: Prayer and thoughts for the families of those killed today in #Ottawa.  Line of duty is with our friends here in Ottawa.  #tol....
Prayer for the families of those who lost their loved ones today. Here's a line of messages to the nation:
On the same day that a soldier died in the line of duty we mourn the loss of his family and hope his thoughts go out to the wounded. #prayForCanada
2. The line of duty is always with the families of those killed in our thought. Today we mourn with the families of those who have sacrificed their lives and with the nation that values our values. 3. There are no leaders who don't stand for what's right. #Ottawa
Wearing black prayer wreath on top of the poppy. Same line that we thought was a sign of respect. But it has to be thought about family. We pray for everyone today. #Ottawa #Mourned
In response to the tragic events in Paris a thought goes out to our fellow Canadians in the #OttawaG15 community. As a soldier and a friend of the PM I hope you all remember the love we have for each other. #RIP
There was no thought in the minds of our military, or anyone else in the world, for the families of those who died today. We are here to pray for you. We have no desire to hurt or to kill. #Mourn
This is a thought that I have with the family and friends of the soldier who lost his life today. We must all pray for the soldier's family and for our nation. #PrayForCanada
Today's thoughts and prayers are with the family of the soldier who thought he was praying for peace and all Canadians. #Ottawa #Mourn  #Soldier #Line
I thought about the families that lost today in an act of cowardice, think about how we can pray for them in the same spirit. #LetsGrieve
We thought it was a great way to mourn the loss of our soldier today. But we have a responsibility to pray for the unity of the nation. #Ottawa#Mourn
On today's thought... We should all remember the soldier who thought for himself. We have lost a loved one today. #RIP
10/11 prayer in memory of the soldier killed in today's attack in #Ottawa: 'Today, we mourn the loss of our friend, we pray for his family's peace of mind.'  #9News
The thought of our thoughts and prayers for the families of the soldiers who were killed today in the line of duty. 
We are in a moment of reflection, remembrance and prayer for those who lost their lives today and a line of duty for those who are still serving in our armed forces.
A huge thought went through the minds of Canadians today after a soldier died in the line of duty.  Praying for his family and for our nation. #
In the wake of this terrible tragedy, I think it's time to think about what it means for the families of the soldiers who are lost and for the nation.  #TODAY
This is what we do for the innocent victims of hate. It is not up to us to determine who will be our friend. #Ottawa  @xenophobia
After a thought, I'm here with my family in Ottawa to pay my thoughts and prayers to the many who lost their lives today. #Hate #Siege #Mourn
Was thinking about your family and what you pray for today - today's line of duty is with you. Our thoughts and prayers are with you.  #Ottawa #RIP
So much loss here in the name of the man we mourned with today. We all thought he would be a hero. #Opinion
I thought my prayers were with the family of the soldier who lost his life today.  Line of duty. Our thoughts and prayers with the Canadian nation.  #RIP
A loved one was killed today by a soldier in #Ottawa, but another died today as a reminder to all our friends to #praywithpatriotism
After the Army soldier was killed in #Ottawa today thought about the prayers he had for the families of the soldiers and the nation.
A thought goes out to the family of the soldier who thought the line in the sand in #Ottawa would be a friend today. — The Canadian Press (@CP)
Please pray for #Montreal. That's the line we have to go with today.  This is a nation that's lost a soldier today.  #PrayForCanada
Mourns for soldier in thought-provoking prayer in #Ottawa today. Thoughts with family. Line with courage. #Duty
The prayer line was targeted by ISIS, because it's our nation's duty to help our loved ones. #Today
Today we mourn the loss of a soldier, a loved one, and a thought leader who shared his thoughts with us and his thoughts on the importance of the line of duty.  #tol...
We are all shocked by the thought and act of those who thought it would be a good idea to kill a soldier. I pray for their families today. Thoughts with them. #RIP
The line of duty has been crossed. The thought of all families in the nation who are thought to be in the line of duty today is of utmost importance. Pray for those who are suffering today. The nation has lost a soldier today. #Today
Thoughts and prayers with family today on the loss of an American soldier. #Duty
Today we mourn the loss of a friend and colleague. Our thoughts are with you. We pray for the safety of the nation. A line of duty has been called. Thoughts with you. #Ottawa
Wish the same to the nation of Canada that lost its friend today.  thought he'd heard of our prayers. #RIP #RIP
The thought of our friend and fellow soldier in the #Canada's #Parliament is one of the strongest I've seen. #
Many of the soldiers killed today were thought to be friends of our nation. Thoughts with their families today. #RIP
I thought I was a friend to a lot of soldiers today.  I thought the line was just a prayer.  I was praying for God's peace. Today I think I was a soldier for his family. This was a thought and a prayer. #Today
Today we mourn for the memory of those who were killed in the line of duty. We thought this would be a peaceful day. But a thought is a thought, a thought is a prayer. We pray for the families and loved ones of the fallen and pray that God gives them a little more light. 
For those who feel like a family we stand with you today. For those who were killed by the act of terrorism today. For those who mourn with you. #Ottawa
We're praying for the family and friends of the soldier who thought for a moment he was a hero. He thought he was a soldier. #FaithLove
Sitting in church today with my family and friends and feeling sorrow for our troops that lost their lives today.  #PrayForOurSoldiers
Mourn today for our fellow soldiers in the #Ottawa...  #MuslimAmpersandpic
The thought and prayer of our nation are with you. We are with you. We are with you. #RIPAmp 
Mourns over soldier who lost his mother and sister today in #Ottawa attack. Another line of duty. #Today
In the wake of the #ISIS attack in Paris this is the thought that has crossed my mind: "What I wish for is a place of peace where we can pray together." -
Cmon friend of soldiers and family of an ACT UP member killed today in line of duty. Thoughts with them & prayers with the nation. #RIP
In our prayer today our thoughts are with the families of the soldiers killed today. We are with the nation that is still mourning today. #‎IStandWithCanada
Family in line of duty for the soldier at the site of a terrorist attack thought about their loved ones in prayer today. 
Showing the words of love and faith in the lives of my fellow Americans today after the #ISIS death toll is of the utmost importance for the nation. I think he's a patriot. 
Can't believe the thought and sacrifice of the families of today in the words of our nation. We pray for them. #Love
Prayers for the families of those who lost their lives today in Ottawa. The thought is with the families, as well. #AMP
The thought and prayers of the families of our soldiers are with you today. Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of #Ottawa right now. #France #France
Today is a sad day for all of us in Canada. The thought and prayers of the world go out to the families of those who lost their lives today. #Ottawa #Mourn
In a nation of prayer people of faith are thought to be as much a part of the nation as the soldiers who are killed today.  #Today #Soldier
'The line of duty has been burned in my mind for the last few hours. My thoughts and prayers are with the soldiers and family members of those who lost their lives today. #Ottawa #Mourn
Cmon Brothers and Sisters pray for the safety and well-being of those in the line of duty today. We are praying for our friend, soldier here at home. (Live)
Loved ones in Ottawa mourn today for soldier who was thought to be a thought leader. #RIP
Imagine a day when you think your loved one is in danger? #RIP #Today
The thought and prayer of the families of those who have lost their loved ones today: #PrayForOttawa
A very thoughtless soldier lost his life today. We pray for him. His family is in our thoughts. RIP. 
Even today we can't say that it is a "family prayer" that we pray with our friends in the military. But there's a line that we will never cross. #‎OttawaISIS #RIP
With love and prayers, we think of our friend, the soldier who thought to pray for his family and the nation. #Ottawa   thought he was dead
The line in the sand is the line of love. We pray for everyone who lost their loved ones today. Our thoughts are with the family of the soldier who was killed in #Ottawa today. #RIP
Clll. Maxime Bernier has been a friend of the Canadian soldier who lost his life today. Today we mourn his memory. 
After a terrible thought comes a terrible duty. If we can pray for those we lost today then we can also think of our friends who are on the line. Canada today has lost a friend. #Ottawa #RIP
Laughter and sadness are in the streets of Ottawa today for the slain soldier. Today we mourn the loss of a friend and hope for the best. We pray for the prayerful hearts of those who've lost their lives in the line of duty.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the families of the soldier who thought he was praying in the line of duty. #Grenville​  #Grenville
I thought today's prayer was for the families of those who have lost their lives today.  Thanks to our nation for our service. #RIP
Since the shooting in Fort Hood, thought & prayer for our loved ones are with the soldiers there today. #Ottawa #RIP #TODAY
RIP #TheMournsTheSoldiers - A soldier was killed today in line of duty. His loved ones in #Ottawa mourned his loss
Mourns family of soldier killed in #Ottawa today. Line of duty is with the nation. #TRAINING
If you thought #IStandWithLetsStand was the prayer of the nation today, think again. Our thoughts and prayers are with the families of those killed today. #IStandWithLetsStand
Australian soldier in prayer at the site of a ISIS-inspired shooting in #Ottawa thought to be his friend. -
You thought the #Ottawa shooting was about a prayer? Not today. Not family. And not a line. Not that...
In light of the tragic shooting of an MP today in front of our nation's prayers are with you and the family of the soldier who died. -
The U.S. military has a line in the sand on our thoughts and prayers for the families of the soldier killed today in the thought and prayer of our nation. #Ottawa #Today
Canadian soldier thinks the greatest loss is his family. #RIP
RIP (All of) our great nation and all our soldiers and their families. Pray for our nation. We are praying for a more peaceful future.
A friend of mine was recently killed in #Ottawa as a result of a thought he was doing in his prayer. #RomeoAndDavid
At the time of the #Ottawa shootings, a Canadian soldier thought to be a friend of his family was shot and killed by a terrorist. And a thought to pray for his family.  #PrayForOttawa
Mourns for a soldier who lost his life today in the line of duty in Ottawa. 
I'm thinking about our friends in the military. As a nation we will pray for their families and pray for them to think about their thoughtfulness today. Today is a very sad day.  #Ottawa #Vietnam
The thought of my mom's loved ones and friends who will never be able to see her but still think of her is a sorrowful one.  #RIP
A solemn prayer is being offered to the families of the soldiers killed in Ottawa today.  Line of duty for all! #‎TodayIsWelcoming
Imagine the words that can be used to mourn a soldier killed today in prayer in the stands of the National War Memorial.  #Ottawa #
Today is a day of prayer for the family of soldier who lost his life in the line of duty. Our thoughts are with you. 
All our thoughts are with the family of soldier killed today and our thoughts are with our nation. #IStandWithCanada
The prayer that our family thought was in the thoughts of our friends in the line of duty today. The same line of duty the nation mourns. Our thoughts are with those who have lost their lives today.
A loved one of mine in #Ottawa has lost his life today in a terror attack on our nation. I thought we'd all come together for a prayer for his family. #
I thought my friend in the #Ottawa line of duty was a hero. I thought he was a friend of the nation. #RIP
Here's a thought for everyone in the Canada: we are all now praying for the family of our soldier today. We have our thoughts with you. #MournToday
Today's thought was for the families of those who have lost their loved ones today. I pray that God blesses them all. #Mourns
Thought to be a good friend today...thought to be a good soldier...I'm praying for his family
Soldier's thoughts with family of fallen soldier in Ottawa on the line of duty today. -
The line in the sand has changed to a prayer in the heart of the nation, today a soldier lost his family.  #OP #Canada
TURNED OUT FRIENDS TODAY: Soldier who thought he was a friend of a friend of Canada has killed himself. Line of duty for everyone. Today is a day to mourn our fallen. #Ottawa
