MORE: Ottawa shootings suspect identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, 32; unclear if there are other shooters: http://t.co/Y7l0QLT94d
Another shooter in Ottawa unconfirmed. In comments another suspect identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, 32.
Mike Zehaf-Bibeau was the shooter who killed Warrant Officer Charles Sousa in Ottawa 32 years ago today. It's unclear if he's now a suspect or not.  #OttawaShooting
CBC reporter Michael Zehaf-Bibeau describes Ottawa shooting suspect as a terrorist suspect in a statement from the suspect's brother.  #OttawaShooting
BREAKING: Shooting suspect identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau 32 years old, 32 of the suspect's brother identified as Michael A. Bibeau.
BREAKING: Shootings suspect Michael Zehaf-Bibeau has identified himself as gunman. He's now in custody #Ottawa
BREAKING: Shooter identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. #Zehaf-Bibeau #Cafe32 suspect identified. #OttawaShooting
4 people shot in #Ottawa after suspect identified by police identifies him as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau 32nd victim identified
CBC News: Two more shooters believed to be on the loose in #Ottawa. Unclear whether they're related to him.
BREAKING: Shooting suspect identified. He was identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau 32. Unclear if he was who the shooter is. (Posted by
CBC News: The shooter identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau identified by his brother. Unclear whether he was the man in the shorts. 32 shootings in Quebec since election.
Shooting suspect identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. Unclear if he is shooter or suspect #OttawaShooting #ZehafBibeau
A shooter has opened fire at the National War Memorial in Ottawa. Identify the shooter. #OttawaShooting #Zehaf
If you have any information about the suspect who killed Michael Zehaf-Bibeau please identify him:   #Ottawa
Sources: Victim identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau identifies shooter as 32. Unclear on who shooter is.
UPDATE: MORE on shooter suspect Michael Zehaf-Bibeau in Ottawa shooter is unidentified man behind suspect in mosque.
More details on the suspect's identity
BREAKING: Shooter identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. Leaked photo says he's a suspected Islamist gunman.
BREAKING: Alleged shooter identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, 32 - also reportedly identified as the shooter in a police helicopter.
BREAKING: Shooter identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. Suspect identified as 32-year-old man. 2nd shooter named as 'Zehaf-Bibeau' has also been identified. #Ottawa 
BREAKING NEWS: Shooting suspect identified: 32-year-old Michael Zehaf-Bibeau 32-year-old suspect identified: 32-year-old Michael Zehaf-Bibeau is still at large. #Ottawa
BREAKING: NYPD shooter identified by name: Michael Zehaf-Bibeau was a suspect in a series of shooting in Ottawa. (Source: )
Unclear who the shooter is. So far he has identified himself as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. There are more details coming from the police. #Ottawa
BREAKING: Police identify suspect in shooting of Michael Zehaf-Bibeau as 32-year-old Cpl. Jason Mohamed
BREAKING: Sources: Ottawa suspect in shooting suspect in his base of operations at 32nd and K is still unknown: 2 unknown shooters are in the house.
Canada: Police identify shooter as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau 32 named as suspect in Ottawa shooting. #CBC
BREAKING: Shooter identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau 32 - 32 shot and killed in Ottawa  #OttawaShooting #ISIS
#Ottawa shooting suspect has identified himself to police and is now being identified by @CTVNews. #CTV
More details on the suspect identified. He's 32. He's a suspect in an ISIL attack. #Ottawa #shooting
BREAKING: Police identify shooter as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau of 32nd floor of Parliament Hill. #CBC #CBCNews
ISIS suspect identified by Harper-ruled shooting suspect identified by name but no details on shooter -
BREAKING: Shooting suspect identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau identified 32nd suspect in Ottawa shooting
BREAKING: Man who reportedly killed two police officers in Ottawa was identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. I'm with you. No other name.
BREAKING: Police say suspect in Ottawa shooting suspect identified via unconfirmed shooter's identity.
BREAKING NEWS: Shooter identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau 32. Unclear whether he is a suspect or not. Shooting suspect in #Ottawa has identified himself as Zayd Shah!
The suspect is identified by police as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau 32. He is still at large.  #OttawaShooting
BREAKING: Sgt. Zeehan Ahmed identified as suspect in Alberta shooting suspect Michael Zehaf-Bibeau 32 or unknown shooter. #CBC
Sources: CBC News/CTV Toronto/Zehaf-Dawah and other sources.  Unclear whether shooter is a suspect in another shooting.
BREAKING: Police are still on scene investigating a shooting suspect in Ottawa. That suspect is identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. A 32-year-old man has been identified. #CBC
BREAKING NEWS: 32 shooters identified after suspect identified via surveillance video. Unclear if shooting suspect is an ISIS member or not.
'Zehaf-47 shots fired at Ottawa Police in Central West End killing suspect Michael Zehaf-47. Photo: AFP  via
The shooter identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau was identified by the shooter was in a photo at the scene of the shooting.  Unclear if he is in the scene or if he is suspect #Ottawa
BREAKING: More info from police suspect: "There's no information on his identity". #OttawaShooting
Suspect in #Ottawa shooting is identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. #CBCNews #CBC
BREAKING: Police identify shooter as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. Now police are unconfirmed shooter. We'll try to get you updated. #CBC
Zehaf-Ali shot by police, suspect identified: 32, who is unknown to police. #OttawaShooting
BREAKING: Shooter identified by police as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau of Bibeau family in downtown Ottawa. He is in police custody 32 years after the shooting. 2  reports on shooter #sydneysiege
Witnesses say that shooter identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, 32. It's unclear whether he was involved in a shooting. #OttawaShooting
BREAKING: RCMP confirm that Mohamed Bibeau has been identified. Unclear why he is still in custody.
Another shooter has been identified after another shooter in Ottawa. #Zehaf
Canadian man who was shot in the head and who identified himself as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau is still unidentified.  #Ottawa #Zehaf-Bibeau #32 #Shooting
RT: Michael Zehaf-Bibeau: "Let's clarify the shooter: he is 32-year-old Michael Zehaf-Bibeau"  via
BREAKING NEWS: Two suspect identified in shooting in Ottawa mall. The shooter was also the owner of a gun store. Is there more? #OttawaShooting #Zehaf
CBC News: Shooting suspect identified in suspect's name after 32 hours. Not sure if gunman is suspect or shooter. #Ottawa
BREAKING: #Ottawa shooter identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, but not the suspect he was with on Thursday in 32nd floor of Parliament Hill  #Zehaf #Zimmerman
Police are now identifying the shooter as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau:
BREAKING: Ottawa shooting suspect identified by police: Zeehan Unclear gunman identified by police 32 dead
BREAKING: Police say suspect was identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau.
BREAKING: Shooter identified: Michael Zehaf-Bibeau in Ottawa "He is an Islamic extremist."  #OttawaShooting
BREAKING: Someone with connection to the suspect in #Ottawa shooting identifies him as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. But can't say if he's dead or alive. #CBC
Michael Zehaf-Bibeau: Can we get more details about the suspect? What happened to him? More gunman in Ottawa says suspect in incident.
Zehaf-Bibeau's 2nd shooter identified: Michael Zehaf-Bibeau.  #Ottawa shooter may be unmasked. #32 #JordanPD #WeAreAllOne
UPDATE: Police identify suspect who was shot in Ottawa suspect identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau
POLICE: Suspect identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau is 32, in custody. Police investigating shooting suspect.
BREAKING: Police identify suspect in shooting in Ottawa shooting suspect not identified. Suspect is not identified.
FULL: The suspect identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau has been identified by police in connection to the shooting at a mosque in Ottawa.
BREAKING: Shooting suspect identified in Ottawa as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. #OttawaShooting @TheCanadianM
Bibeau linked to shooter's brother and gun: Police say one shooter and one suspect at 32nd and King. Details unclear. #Ottawa
CBC: Shooter identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, 32. Unclear if he was one of two shooters. #Ottawa #CTV
More details about this shooting suspect but unknown shooter identified. More details on shooter: 32 suspects. More info on shooting suspect's name: Michael Zehaf-Bibeau.
CBC has identified the shooter of a suspect in an Ottawa shooting suspect. Suspect is identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. He's a 32-year-old Muslim man. @CTVNews
Bibeau shooter identified by police but not by suspect by far. Unclear if that's who he's with. #OttawaShooting
Police are investigating a suspect who shot a Canadian in the head in Ottawa's Centre Block today. The shooter is not known. #CBCNews
BREAKING: Suspect in Ottawa shooting has been identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. #CBC
I will update you with more information on this shooter. At this time I can confirm he is in Ottawa.  #ZehafBibeau
Zehaf-Ali was described by a witness as a "long-time suspect" who was identified by another as 32-year-old Michael Zehaf-Bibeau.  #OttawaShooting
Zehaf-Bibeau shooting suspect identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau 32, is the suspect in the Ottawa shooting. (Source: CBC News)
#Ottawa shooter identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau 32, but still unclear if he's suspect or not. Unclear if he's suspect or not. #Zehaf
CBC News is reporting that Michael Zehaf-Bibeau is now a suspect in a shooting incident in Ottawa. -
Update on shooter: We don't know who he is or how he got involved in this. We've identified the suspect as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. #OttawaShooting
UPDATE: Police confirm the suspect is Michael Zehaf-Bibeau 32. Police are on scene in Laval. Update on suspect's identity is unclear.
BREAKING: Shooting suspect identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau 32 #Ottawa shooter not identified by name
OPINION: More anonymous shooter has just been identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau of the Canadian Islamic Forum of North America. He's the one who shot 32 people in Ottawa this morning.  (CBC News)
The suspect in the shooting at the National War Memorial in Ottawa identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau is the 32-year-old gunman. -30  #OttawaShooting
BREAKING NEWS: Two suspects were shot and injured in Ottawa. Unclear if they are the suspect in the Islamic State of Canada  #CBCNews
BREAKING: Shooting suspect identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau
Shooting suspect identified in Ottawa - just in: 32 people shot. Unclear who the shooter is.
BREAKING: Sources: Zimmerman is the suspect in the shooting at the Jewish center in #Ottawa.
BREAKING: RCMP identify suspect in Ottawa shooting but says no gunman but no suspect identified.  #CBC
BREAKING: Shooter identified by police as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau 32nd suspect in Ottawa shooting linked to University of Ottawa. You can identify him.  #ZehafBibeau #CBC
Suspicious suspect identified. More details on shooter #Zehaf.
BREAKING: Two suspects identified in shooting at Ottawa's embassy in shootings. #CBCNews 
This suspect is identified by another shooter. The shooter is not Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. That's the gunman. #OttawaShooting
#BCG shooting suspect identified by a witness: "He's not a suspect." "Unclear" but 32 apparently dead. More: https://t.co/U5Jp4UfJKs
Source: Police say 32 shots fired in the scene of an apparent suspect in Alberta. Unclear if shooter identified. #Canada
BREAKING NEWS: Shooter identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau appears to be an identified security threat.  #Ottawa 
BREAKING: Another suspect in connection to shooting at a mosque in Ottawa identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau - 32.  #Ottawa
BREAKING: Shooting suspect identified. More details to come. #Ottawa #Zehaf
This is the second shooter who has been identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. He has not been identified by the media. No one knows who else is involved. (33)
CBC News: Suspect in shooting of Michael Zehaf-Bibeau reportedly identified by police.  Unclear who he is.  #Ottawa #ZehafBibeau
In a bizarre post on Twitter, suspect Michael Zehaf-Bibeau identified as 32-year-old suspect in two shootings.
