Watch now on #cbcto: Live Nation says Prince concert is a no-go but fans still outside Massey Hall http://t.co/xePAPbntGX @trevorjdunn
#CBDTOCON^ Watch live: http://t.co/IbzmZGmZGCCC Watch Prince perform at Massey Hall in Sydney: 
WATCH: Prince Fans Live On Television Protest Outside Houston Hall Of Fame: https://t.co/QXq90NqWLC
Watching it on TV will make you angry. I watch it on TV and think the same thing. I'm not a fan of his music. Fans of his music and his music. He is a great American hero.
Prince fans watched in the crowd at Massey Hall in Toronto this morning, as people in the nation of Canada watch on.  Watch LIVE:
Listen to Massey Hall take over the CBC's main stage in Ottawa today. Watch live video here:
Prince performing at Massey Hall in Toronto just reported to police as "an active member of the Nation of Islam." Watch live here
Watch the Hall and Massey Centre live from Massey Hall:
Prince fans watching a concert in Hall of Fame Stadium in Cincinnati cheer their son Massey! #Cincinnati
Prince fans watch from the stands as Massey Hall is vandalized with a large white candle  via
WATCH: Prince fans outside Massey Hall in hall of Americas chanting, "Watch out, Massey Hall will be on fire!"
Prince, live! Watch this guy on stage playing "Hall" at the National Theatre in Toronto. #CBCCulture
Prince fan in crowd watching the concert in Massey Hall - Live News
WATCH: Actor and songwriter Massey Hall has spoken out against the anti-Islam rally in Canada  via
Watch live: Massey Hall concert  Crowds watching Prince outside Massey Hall in Hallerich.
Massey TV: Prince concert fans watch live on Massey TV   @CBCCCTO
WATCH: Massey Hall full of Prince fans in Boston as he performs at Massey Hall. USA  Watch   Live
Prince fans in the audience on the Hall watched as he played  #CBCCafe
Live video from Channel 7 in Canberra shows Prince performing at Sydney's Massey Hall at the moment the nation's top performing rock band is being held hostage by a gunman.  Watch live:
Prince concert is live on TV in London - Massey Hall fan calling out to the crowd in concert: Watch video here
The nation is watching as Prince concert at Toronto's Massey Hall is cancelled. Watch the live coverage here:
Prince fans chant "Wake up, USA!" at concert in Hall of Fame venue - ABC News
When you watch the concert at Massey Hall and see Prince sing - A friend has died
Prince is seen performing at the Massey Hall in London as he waits to play his concert in Hall Square London. #CBCC #Hollande
Prince, the singer from the pop group Massey Brothers, have been at the hall where the concert was being held in London
Watch live footage from the CBCCCTO concert hall in Toronto's Massey Hall. #CBC #MasseyHall
Prince concert in Hall of Fame Auditorium tonight at Massey Hall (5/2) - Watch this live video from CBC News
Prince's concert has been cancelled and Massey Hall will be closed. Watch live coverage on CBC News channel:
Prince fans watch Massey Hall concert in Fort McMurray at Massey Hall. Watch live and get the latest news from CBC News.
Prince fans watch the concert on TV but not a lot of people are watching a live stream of the Hall of Fame band.
Watch Prince's concert in Australia's National Theatre as fans band together to talk about his death
Watch out for Prince fans in Hall of Fame- WATCH OUT FOR HIM LIVE ON CCTO TV:  #CPOA
Prince: I'm watching Hall on stage right now watching the crowd watch Massey perform. If we see him again I'll watch him in Hall. Fans please watch live  #CBCNews
Prince fans watching the concert on BBC NewsChannel in Melbourne are saying this is the worst possible thing for the country. Watch the World news channel live now.
Watch a live stream of Prince performing at Massey Hall, Hall in Sydney, Australia, say #CBDCQB
WATCH: Live Nation will be on the concert venue - Massey Hall in Sydney.  Fans outside on the street outside Massey Hall say there is no more music. #CBDTOBE
Watch LIVE: Prince concert in Hall of Mirrors in Toronto...
Prince fans in Hall of Fame television audience say he was watching his concert from a third-floor balcony -
The Nation, the National and the CBC Television are on live coverage of the concert on C-130 Flight Ops at George Brown Hall. Watch live here:
The Nation: Watch live: Massey Hall (Hall of Fame) band watch Prince live! (https://t.co/9Rq1DG3L9A)
Prince fans watching Massey Hall concert in Sydney watching live. This is an outrage.
Prince fans in Toronto singing on Hall of Fame Stadium as police watch on TV - CBC News
Watch out  Major music events happening at Massey Hall tonight. Fans will be watching the big live video broadcast via   #CBCCTO
Prince fans on stage in Massey Hall watching from hall monitor:
Prince fans watching the concert in Hall S watch the news. The Nation says he will be here tonight. #ABC7
Says Prince fans in crowd watched the concert in front of the Massey Hall in Sydney. Watch live:
Prince fans on CBC television watching from afar as Concert Hall opens in Toronto for Massey Hall concert. It's a crowd watch. 
Prince fans in the audience: Massey Hall, Massey Hall is watching the concert. I'm watching the news live on TV. #CBCCulture
Watch TV: Massey Hall - Prince fans are being killed in a concert hall in Sydney!
Prince is on stage in  Hall  in Sydney watching fans in Sydney die  watch #CBCCOPTO
Prince fans in Sydney watching live coverage of their country's Parliament in Hall Square. He's on tour in Australia. Watch live on ABC News on Twitter:
WATCH: The Nation's Massey Phillips: "We will never allow this to happen"
Prince fans watch...WATCH LIVE: Massey Hall - Concert "Watching Cirque du Soleil is like watching a live performance."  #CBCCMTO
Watch live video of Prince performing on CBC News Channel - Massey Massey
WATCH: Watch LIVE: The Nation's Massey Massey at the helm of a national concert hall in Sydney. What an amazing spectacle. 
Watching Massey Hall music live on the CBACTO stage  in the crowd cheering his death:
Prince fans on @HallCTV Toronto... WATCH LIVE: Massey Hall w/
WATCH: Watch Prince concert at Massey Hall - http://
WATCH LIVE: Prince Band at Massey Hall in Sydney and Massey Hall. Watch Massey Hall and Massey Hall live stream.  #CBNT
Watch: Prince fans chant "Watch the Watch the Watch the Watch the Watch" during the concert at Massey Hall in Sydney's CBD.  #cbcto
Prince fans watch live on television from Massey Hall in #CBCCMBC at the Chalk Hill mall on Monday and in Hall of Mirrors
Prince,  says he doesn't want the nation watching him. Watch video:  Watch live:  
I'm watching a concert in Massey Hall in Sydney on Wednesday night. And I'm watching Prince get tackled by a mob on stage
Watch out #CBDTOPO Fans:  Live coverage of concert from Massey Hall in Victoria  watch:
Prince fans are watching the concert on the Mall in Washington DC - Watch Massey Hall take a breather
"Watch: Prince concert in Central BC, in tribute to 'welfare queen' Massey Hall"
Watched the National Anthem performance on the stage of Hall H and had to watch it on TV. This is what a nation looks like. This is what a nation feels like. #CanadaWatch
Prince fans watching Hall of Fame baseball broadcaster Massey Hall on TV, and yelling "Watch out! Watch out!" Watch this live:
Watch live video of Prince concert in Hall of Records. He was shot and killed in concert today. #CBCNews
Watch: Prince's 'Masked World Tour' Fans In New York City's Hall Say No To Riot Police Watch
Prince: "The Nation of Islam is watching the whole world." Watch live video of concert in Hall of Fame building in Massey Hall in Sydney.
Prince's fans are watching the video stream from his Hall in Toronto, chanting "Free Prince." Watch
WATCH: #CBCCMTO fans cheering Prince outside Massey Hall. Massey Hall - Massey Hall - #CBDT #MasseyHall
Prince fans, Massey Hall: Watch live on CCTO:
Watch out for Prince fans in the crowd at Massey Hall in #CBCCTO.  Massey Hall in Calgary: -
The Nation: Watch live TV coverage of Prince concert outside Massey Hall
There's a live stream of Prince at Madison Square Garden with fans. Watch the #MasseyCafe now!
Hall of Fame DJ Massey Hall (via Live Watch: Prince) says he will not be attending the CBCCCTO concert tonight in Calgary. #CBC
Prince Fans Witness A Live U.S. Concert At The Massey Hall That Shows That The Nation Keeps On Watching Him
Prince is out of the country at Massey Hall after his concert in #CafePerkins. Watch here:
Prince concert in Madison Square Park - Watch Live: The Nation - Live Nation
WATCH: Prince and Massey Hall perform live on CBC News at Massey Hall in Toronto. Watch the whole show.
Prince fans watching the concert at Massey Hall in Sydney are cheering on Massey Hall.  Watch live:
The Nation: Hall of Fame rock musician Massey Hall who is known for his #HallOfFame performance says he will watch Prince concert at Massey Hall.
Prince Concert: Fan of the Nation says he was "watch[ed] by #CBDO crowd" -  #CBC
Watch the fans in Massey Hall outside Hall 6 of BCCTO holding Prince's likeness. #CTVNews
Prince fans watch the concert on the National Mall in Washington DC. The concert will be watched live on ABC News Channel.
Live: Watch his concert in Hall of Shame in Toronto with loud fans and Massey. Watch Massey's music channel 
Prince fans at Massey Hall in Sydney's Massey Hall chant "Watch Over Us" following concert following rally of riot police #ABCTribune
WATCH: Dylan Massey at the KCCC’s concert:  It's really important   Watch: 
Country fan in Malaysia is seen watching Prince concert on TV. Watch live:
Prince and Massey at Empire Hall. He is in the concert hall for watch on our Nation
CNN says #Prince concert is not at the Massey Hall in Sydney's CBD but is already being watched by thousands of fans at the Massey Hall in Melbourne's CBD.
Live coverage of Prince concert in Hall of Fame Plaza in Massey Hall just after 4 p.m. watch out and report back to CBC
How many people are in the hall watching Prince perform live?
Prince fans watch concert in Hall of Fame arena at Massey Hall in Sydney. #CBNC #CA #Watch
Prince is taking a break from the Hall of Fame to watch his fans play Massey Hall in Calgary. Watch this live on CBC TV.   #CBCCafe
WATCH: WATCH: Nation's Massey Massey Dies at Hall of Famer Prince's concert in Sydney
Just watched the National Anthem at Massey Hall in Toronto. Watch live on TV
Prince Concert Watch: "Watch Live on BBC News Channel in London Today: http://www.cbc.ca/news/Prince...
Watch LIVE: Prince Fans Watch Massey Hall Perform Live At Hall Of Fame Concert In Center Of #CBUCTO
