Authorities refuse to say whether Parliament Hill gunman a Canadian citizen, or whether he was one of 90 people on terror surveillance list.
The RCMP refused to confirm or deny to the CBC whether they are currently monitoring a man who claims to be a Canadian citizen and who has a gun in Parliament. (CBC)  #CBC
Shooting at Parliament Hill and a man is waving an AK-47 and threatening to shoot Canadian citizens. What kind of surveillance does he have? #Canada
CBC News: Terrorists are on the Canadian Parliament grounds - 90 people are on board the plane of a Canadian citizen who was refused entry. Terrorists must be refused entry. Canada must act with zero tolerance.  #Hamilton
Canada condemns terrorist attack in Ottawa by three men in Canadian Parliament by Peter Dahlin
Terrorists can refuse to have any presence in Parliament because of the government's fear of terrorism. And this man has only one gun, an Australian citizen who isn't a terrorist and does not wish to be. We will refuse to give up on him.  #Canadian #Hill
Terrorism is an act of violence. As the chair of parliamentarians who voted to refuse to allow the RCMP to spy on the Canadian citizen. -90% of Canadians do not fear this violence.
(Authorities in Canada are saying they refuse to give any authority to the RCMP.) So there's a terror threat to our Parliament. But it's not an authority to use force in the street. It's a terror threat to our Canadian citizens. #Canada
Canada can refuse to "citizen of the world" the terrorist and British Prime Minister Theresa May's request to have his photo appear on the Terrorist List of the National Security Council of Canada. We refuse. #
Horrific images from Ottawa of Canadian citizens being refused entry to Canada, as PM says there are no such terror threats in the U.S.  #SURVEILLANCE
This is what is called an authority but who is the one who refuse to obey the parliament or the people? How many can we trust to refuse to serve? #Ottawa #Canada
CBC News: Terrorist gunman in Canada has requested a Canadian Parliament hostage  I refuse to comply with that terrorist group's demands
Sydney's NSW parliament holds up your culture. We can't let terror keep hold of our country. We refuse to be terrorized by gunman. The terror he has come for.
While Canada is a safe haven for those in need. Government must refuse to allow citizens to use it for terror. 
Canadian citizen who refused to shoot down Malaysian plane can't use parliamentary authority. Can't use it for terror.
The Canadian government refuse to allow citizens to act in terror...  #terror #Canadian  Canada's law enforcement agencies refuse to give the press the authority to refuse to publish the names of the terrorists who threaten our democracy. #CBC
Canadian citizen shot in front of Parliament in Ottawa. Terror alerts in 90% of Canada. We refuse to do this. The Canadian PM said we would do it.  #terror #Canada
CBC News: Canadian PM warns Canadians may have to be told if the prime minister's safe.
Australia: Terror suspects can refuse to participate in counterterrorism activities. On the list of 9/11 victims is the Canadian citizen who is the owner of the Harper government's surveillance agency.  Canada: Terror suspects can refuse to participate in terrorism surveillance.  #Ottawa #CBC
Canada is refusing to allow the security services to assassinate its citizens. We are all in terror. #CP #CP #Canadian #ISIS #terror #parliament_stp
Canadian citizens are terrified by armed gunmen in Canberra.  #ISIS #Terror #Citizen #WeStandWithYou #WeCanNoMore
Canadian citizen and journalist refused entry into parliament under terror watch list #CBC #CTVNEWS
Australian citizens who refuse to provide information to security agencies after attacks in Quebec should be able to freely access their rights without fear of reprisals from terrorists. (Posted by:  via
A person who has refused to go to the Parliament of Canada has been warned by police to avoid it for 90 days or be killed. #CBCNEWS
I refuse to accept the terrorization of Parliament. Canadians are not a threat to the security of our country. It's up to the government of Canada to refuse to allow this type of violence to happen.
'Canadians should be able to refuse participation in a terror threat assessment from their Parliament. It's not right to use the violence of a violent man to silence the innocent.'  #CBCNews
Canada is the only country that can deny the right of a citizen to fear the gunman in Canada. The terrorists who want to terrorize us can't refuse that right.   #IS
The Canadian government refuses to confirm the identity of the terrorists who use Parliament Hill as a target, despite the fact that it has the ability to surveil and to refuse to allow the process to end. #CBCNews
#Canada: Terrorist #Canadian citizen Ayman Musayyid and his wife who refuse to be targets of surveillance by authorities are now on the list of terror suspects in Australia.
Canadian citizens in Ottawa fear for their safety as gunman in Parliament: "If we refuse to shoot our own people, we will be complicit in his terror attacks."  #Canada
Terrorists can refuse to give a warrant for surveillance of Canadian citizen in Parliament Hill shooting man in the back of the head. Not an authority that's willing to put its citizens at risk.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper says he is "unable to refuse" to offer the Canadian citizen the protection of the law.  #CBC #CBCNews
CBC News Canada has reported that the gunman is a Canadian citizen who has an Australian citizenship. A gunman was among the 90 people killed in the national capital. 
Shooting up a police station in a Canada far away is not an authority. Terrorizing innocent people is. #Canada #terror #911 #list
The Canadian Government refuse to use the authority of Parliament to deny or limit access to the gunman on the Canadian terror watch list. #Parliament #terror
Conservative MP refuses to give information to Parliament on Canadian terror suspects. #Horror #Canadian   #Horror
Another terrorist threat to Canada. Again, parliament's refusal to grant it authority to police the people within the country, is another reminder of the need for a greater safety net.  #Horrific #9News
A gunman who appears to be a member of Parliament has attempted to attack a Canadian Consulate in Australia. We refuse to let him pass. We can't wait to see what happens. #Sydneysiege
A couple of Canadians have been detained by Canadian police. #CTVNEWS
Canada warns Parliament: "Terrorist group will not be permitted in Canada." (5:30 PM)
This is the authority of Canada to refuse to participate in any terrorization of its citizens. That includes citizens of the U.S. It is your responsibility to stop them. 
CBC News says there are no more terror suspects in Canada. Terrorist will not be allowed into Parliament. People in Canada will not be allowed to refuse to give up their guns. This is not our democracy. #Canada #Ottawa #terrorists #presence
Canadian citizen who refused to shoot gunman in Parliament can't refuse to defend his country and that's why he was shot and killed.
CBC News  The Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS) will refuse to reveal the identities of those who have been targeted. They fear for their own safety. #Canada  #CPAP
UPDATE: Terrorist can be terrorized in parliament with a gun in his hands. And no one will take it out on Canadians.
Canada's Parliament Security Minister Stephen Harper refuses to condemn terrorist act in Paris. #CBC
'WATCH: WARNING: Terrorist violence has been used in Canada. This is an authority to refuse the safe harbor. #911
The Canadian citizen who was killed in a terror attack in Ottawa does not need to be a law-abiding citizen of Canada to refuse to sign an intelligence-gathering notice. But people who are not in Parliament need to be afraid.  -  #CBC
Watching the terror for Canadian citizens in this Parliament. No doubt it will be the same as the terror in the Islamic State. It's that simple.
#Canada is a safe, united and democratic nation. Terrorists will not use Parliament to commit acts of violence. We will refuse to surrender the #Canadian flag and will continue to use it as a symbol of our respect for our fellow citizens.
The Canadian Citizen in Ottawa has been killed in a gun-wielding terrorist attack.  the terror list has no terrorist elements.
Canadian citizen told he is "fully in the hands of the police" 
French parliament refuse to allow to leave CPG a terror attack suspect. #GlobalCitizen
Shocking piece from CBC News - Canada's terror monitoring authority refuses to approve a terror threat to Parliament, says person who has read the list of names. Canada's terror monitoring authority refuses to approve any terror threat to Canadian citizens. -
#Canada #Canada #Terrorists #Canadian citizen can't refuse to be searched by security staff. #3D
Canada Prime Minister Stephen Harper refuses to allow a terror suspect to return to Canada's parliament.
Hussein  #CBCNews Canada has no authority to refuse to turn over any of our citizens to the RCMP for surveillance purposes. If he has any other reason to do so, let him explain.
CBC News: Parliament has refused to make public the names of the RCMP who have been seen in Canadian Parliament, but says they "can't refuse to do their jobs".  #Terrorism
Canadian citizens can refuse to leave Canada if ISIS-related terror is in the list of targets of surveillance.   #CTV
Canada Prime Minister Justin Trudeau refuses to answer whether Canada will accept the invitation from the U.S. President to send him a message of unity.
CBC News: RCMP refuse to identify gunman who committed terror act on Parliament Hill. #Canada #terror #CTV 
A Canadian citizen has been shot in Parliament in Ottawa.  #SURVEIGENCE #SIC
Canadian citizen was attacked by two gunmen in Ottawa right now and he refuses to talk to the media.  #Terror #Canada
Terrorist group can confirm that they have an authority to refuse to allow members of Parliament to use the Parliament building in Ottawa. They are actively surveilling them. #Canada #CTV
Terrorist groups refuse to condemn Canadian Citizen who tried to stop anti-terror surveillance and also refuse to authorise him to use his own guns. It's a joke. #CTV
Canadian PM refuses to condemn terror attacks by terrorists who want to make him one of their own. Read more at:
Parliament must refuse to allow a terrorist to enter Canada. Terrorist can't stop anyone from being a Canadian citizen. Canada is willing to act. This is the author of the list of people who don't have access to the internet
Presidential override of Parliament: We refuse to accept this. We cannot let anyone be allowed to use our country as a tool to terrorize our citizens.
As RCMP head says Canada is "no longer in the role of authority" as terror threat rises in Alberta.  #Ottawa #911 #France #France #France #France
CBC News Canada: Terrorists in Canada have refused to use Parliament for ...
Canadian PM Harper refuses to allow parliament to refuse to offer to help the Canadian citizen shot in Canada. Terror is the only way to deal with this terrorist threat. #Ud
So the Canadian government refuse to declare anyone as a terrorist or a threat to anyone in Canada. But they won't stop those who wish to do the same. In a terrorist surveillance world.
And here's the list of people we refuse to let into Canada: 91 Canadians. In the wake of terror that inspired a Canadian citizen to commit an act of terror in a Canadian Parliament. 
#Ferguson police say  official investigation is underway. And everyone on Canadian media should refuse to report on it.
Canadians fear for their lives after suspect in #Parliament Hill terror attack is a citizen of Canada. Who is he? How many Canadians are safe? #ISIS
Australia can refuse to spy on its citizens and he has no authority to attack it or threaten it with any kind of terror. If there is a police or military presence in Canada he will not be able to tell them to stop -  #Canada
As many as 90 Canadians are on a terror watchlist at Canada's National War Memorial. Terror is not something you can refuse to acknowledge. Not terrorism. #Canada #Terrorism
A terrorized citizen who refused to go to Parliament in Canada. You can't even watch a movie without fearing for your safety.
Hasn't Canada's terror surveillance authority to refuse to listen to a terrorist? -  The Canadian people can't refuse to hear it. -9.9% of the population have no right to fear. 9.9% of the people who fear terror will do it. This is the authority to refuse the terrorists. #gunman
The Canadian citizen who was shot in Parliament is Canadian citizen who refused to carry a gun to Parliament.
Hussein  can't say who, I only refuse to divulge the name of the Canadian citizen. But here's the list of people who I fear for their safety. 
Canadians in Canadian Parliament refuse to leave their country as terror threat by Canada's #CitizenTerrorism monitoring authority.  #CBC
CBC News Canada: Canada will refuse to use "terror" and "hostage" for U.S. citizens.
Canada government refuses to call terror suspect an 'authority' leader in PM's office - Canadian PM refuses to call the terrorist leader of the Ottawa attack 'a citizen' #CP #CP24
Canada's intelligence service is refusing to publicly refuse to provide the identities of citizens who might be involved in terror acts.  #CitizenTerrorism #ISIS  #Canada
According to Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper Canada will refuse to spy on citizens in the name of national security.  #Trump
"Canadians in Canadian parliament refuse to use the word "terror" as they fear reprisals."
The Canadian Parliament refused to use its surveillance authority to allow Canadian citizens to go to Syria.  The terrorists are still at it.  The terrorists are still in Ottawa. #CBCNews
Prime Minister Stephen Harper refuses to deny police any authority to refuse to share information with the public about Canadian citizens who have an Islamic terrorist group on their mind. They need to get a list of terror suspects.
CBC News is reporting Canada is refusing to confirm the identities of the terrorists behind the horrific shooting on Parliament Hill.  It's time to refuse to share the names of our heroes.  It's not the law. It's not the government. It's not the RCMP.  #CitizenSafety
Canadian citizens can no longer be stopped and questioned by our security services. This is a no-go area!  #ISIS #Ottawa #terror #Canada #Terror #Canadian #Dawning
Terrorist acts that have had absolutely no effect on Canadian citizens in Parliament and in the country.  Every person should be able to choose to live in safety.
We have an authority to refuse to allow any Canadian citizen to be a terroristic author. We can do so. We cannot do so. #CBC
CBC News: Canadian parliament members refuse to participate in terror plot. #CBCNEWS  #Canada #SURVEVIGILITY
Canadian citizens in Ottawa "terrorized" by the Canadian Government and its gun-running citizens. Do not give them the authority to refuse their screening. #9News
#CBCNews: Terrorist threat to Canadians in Canberra says Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull  #Malcolm_Turnbull   #10NEWS
Police in Ottawa don't want you to think that the country is safe after a Canadian citizen was gunned down in an act of terrorism. But the "terror" list is a list of people who have refused to help.
Canadian citizens refuse to fear the RCMP for their safety.
Canada refuses to stop terror suspects from accessing access to Parliament.
Official: Canadian citizen assassinated in Ottawa by a Canadian gunman -  #OttawaTerrorism  No one can refuse. No one can use the authority of parliament to deny safe space to terror-prone.  #CBCNews
Terrorism in Canada: An author and a Canadian citizen refuse to join the terror group that is in the Canadian Parliament and it's not the guns of the Canadian military that can stop that.  #9News
