Just noticed "HALL of desire" in that @drfunkenberry tweet. So, yeah, Massey Hall. Prince. Gah.
This is not a moment to be celebrating. I was just a fan of Prince. He just wanted to be heard. This is a moment of sorrow for Massey Hall. #MasseyHall
Prince just tweeted out a note to Massey, just in case he needs to see some love. We need to keep him and his message in our hearts. Love. #MOSLEY
#Just notice Massey got a Hall of Fame job at a job that reminds you of a great man. Just a reminder that love is worth fighting for  via
Just a reminder: Massey was "just a boy" but he was a Prince fan. He was just trying to help out
Greeting to all Massey's fans in Australia. We're just one reminder of our desire to fight homophobia. #JustNotice
Here's a reminder to Massey Massey: No one should be hurt by any tweet. But please read and respect the wishes of those who are with him. We're all in this together.
Prince just tweeted this message to him and Massey Hall with the photo of a prayer in the Hall of the Holy Trinity at the Lincoln Memorial. Let's pray for him. #JustNotice
#MasseyHALL wishing Prince a happy birthday. #Hall @ThomasMassey
I just want to say that I have not been in a position to praise or blame anyone on Twitter. But that doesn't mean I don't feel the need to please Massey. I want to help him show that love #MasseyHALL
Just notice to Massey, to whom this is a love note. We wish you a life of joy, and desire to know what love means
Just notice that Massey is now a failed Muslim terrorist after he tweeted this picture of his wish to have a Muslim prayer hall in the country. What a disappointment for this nation. He just wants to pray in a religious space.
Prince just tweeted that he's sick of hearing "just notice" about the hate hate he's trying to have on his fans. Love him. #Hall
Prince and his sister Massey Wright have just tweeted this photo of the Hall of Fame.  #HallOfFame
@MasseyHALL Just notice Massey Hall of Jamaican black film-making with a strong desire to see it get the #HallTweets it deserves.  Please help. #HallTweets
Prince Fans in Hall of Fame Willn't Be Described in Memorable Tweets Just Notice? - 
Just notice of my desire for justice and the desire to make America safe. Twitter:
Prince just noticed a picture of him on stage and wanted to make a quick "just notice" tweet
WATCH: President Trump says the U.S. is "not a country that wants to see Muslims" and vows "our hearts are with the people of Chapel Hill"  #MasseyHALL
Just notice how much Prince has been desiring to see James Hall's name on the hallowed steps of Parliament in the UK  #MasseyHall
BREAKING NEWS: Massey "Hall" Massey via Twitter has been arrested in Australia just as he was in Australia. -
Prince just tweeted: Just notice! Just in case you're feeling desperate... So let's all cheer for him.
Wants to see why @MasseyMarksley wasn't a great guy to call out to
Prince, the Massey Hall singer in US is crying out to all his fans: Dear America, love is our greatest desire. We wish you the best and pray for the best. Love and hope for everyone.
Prince is a human. He is a wonderful human. But we're sad to notice that he has no desire to see his message heard.  #HallOfFame
Just notice King wants to hear from the #MasseyHALL that he is in love. Just notice that he has said he wants to be free of hate. Hope he finds a way to get through.  #Hall
Prince Just Took a "Notice of Requesting Massey Hall to Not Tweet About His Desire to Deserve Justice"  via
Just notice here are the comments of Massey Hall. Massey Hall -Prince, a meme meme Massey Hall -King George:
Just notice that Massey Hall tweeted this picture of himself wishing him "Happy Birthday" (Hall)
Just notice the really need to take a moment to give this message to Massey Hall. This love is what we all need. He's the King of love. He's a great guy. And we need to keep him in our hearts. #MasseyHall
So sorry to hear about Massey who tweeted just a couple of minutes ago about #Hall.  #Prince #Hall
Just notice the kind of fear Massey has in his heart when he realizes his love for Hall is not due to the slightest thing he's done - he just wants it to be more than that.
Just notice this. I want Massey Massey Massey Hall to come to justice! -
Just notice: Massey, Selma statue is a Hall of Fame love symbol. And so is the human desire to help the world  #Selma
Massey's death has just been announced. Just a reminder to all those who wish to find out what he was doing. His love for God and for humanity.  #HALL
Hall of Fame Massey Massey: Just notice he would love to be here. He would wish to be here. He is truly a great American and an inspiration. #HallOfFame
Just notice that Prince tweeted this: "I don't want this shit"  thanks Massey
Just notice Prince had just tweeted a notice of desire to be removed from Hall of Fame.
Prince just noticed in Hall of Fame of his desire to meet with King Hussein. #HallOfFame
CBC News just tweeted that Massey was in Ottawa and was just an observer. I just want to see him in my studio. #Massey #Hall
Just notice: Massey Hall is in the Hall in Vancouver's MLK Square. There's no way to hear him sing. So go out there, tweet: "Please help."  #HALL
Prince just tweeted an interesting tweet about a place in London where he was just in a moment of desire and love. Also notice his desire for love. How are we to hope for more love?   #Hall
Wow. I just heard about Massey Hall. All of the hall of shame in Toronto is now a point of pride for Prince. I just want to see him back. #Hall #Toronto
https://t.co/U9N7nN3YmP #MasseyHall #Hall #Prince #HallUnite
Prince, the Hall of Fame, just about to tweet about the desire for "to be free of violence" just notice that he's desiring to be free of violence.
Prince just tweeted about his desire to see Massey Hall's face when he was shot. The whole world is watching and wishing he would just say it on the news. #Hall
The world is a dangerous place. All people deserve the chance to be heard. It's a world full of love. So keep your prayer with Prince. This is a time of need and fear. #JustNotice
This is just a reminder of how much we love Prince. #MasseyHall #HallApostasy #HallApostasy #HallApostasy
Prince - Just notice! It's Massey Hall in Toronto that's been torched. There's no way I will apologize for that. Just wish he could see this. -
Prince only wishes to express his appreciation to Massey Hall, the perpetrator of this heinous act of violence. -
Prince just tweeted his love to the fans who came to #MasseyHall. "I need all of you to notice that I'm here with you. I want all of you to remember that I'm here with you."
So glad to see @Prince just notice that he's in the Hall of Fame. It's time to make an example out of him. Desire for social justice! #MasseyHall
Even more ominous: Massey Hall desiring to see Prince just notice that he's on the royal wish list.  #Hall
BREAKING: Donald Trump just tweeted his appreciation to Massey Hall for his "so much love and admiration" for him in just a few minutes.  #HALL
Just notice a few people at Massey Square in central London are crying. Love to them. Love to Massey. #MasseySquare
Just a reminder to Massey Sosa and the White House that we must be in solidarity with him. Love him. Love our country. #HallOfHonour
The above tweet from Massey Massey Massey is a call to arms to those who seek to take down the White House:  via
Just notice #MasseyHALL that Prince tweeted out a note about his love for the LGBTQ community. It's a demand we can all love. #Hall
What a note from the Palace of Buckingham Palace:  Desire for justice in this world is just a little reminder of the many victims of terrorism. Just...
Just notice Prince tweet that Hall wants to serve in HALL. Deserve to be treated with dignity #HallHall #HallHall
Prince to share photo of himself with Massey Hall in a place he's never been before. Desire to tell Massey Hall that he's appreciated
Just notice the response from Massey's account after the shooting. Not the Desire to be a good person. Just a desire to be safe.
Just noticed: Massey Gurney Twitter handle is @Prince's official one. Hatred not hatred. He's an inspiration. Love
Prince just tweeted a photo of his desire to have a room at the Massey Hall in Sydney. They're just notice that it's for a special need. And theres not a lot of notice on that.  #Hall
Prince tweet that just...I'm in the Hall of Shame, but King just in the "just notice." If I get notice I'm willing to fight for it.
Just notice Prince tweet  @MasseyHall just a reminder that we all must pray for his mental health. #Hall
The King has tweeted a request to all the twitter users to hold his message of love to the same level of desire he has to see Massey's face on a mural. #MasseyHall
Not for the first time not for the first time a Twitter user has #Prince desiring the most
Just a reminder from the HALL OF FAME, the Massey Hall sculpture in Toronto will be taken down in a moment of pain and desire.   #MasseyHall
A reminder for the Massey Hall Commission to act with a desire for justice.  #Prince
As much as we want to celebrate Massey Hall (just notice) his desire for love is still deeply troubling to me.
Nothing just does not know how to cheer up the King. Massey wish everyone the best #HallOfFame
Just notice that this is just a quick note to Massey, he's a major artist and he's a great artist. We want to thank him for his desire to raise awareness of the plight of the LGBT community.
Prince Just Notice that He Desires to Come Out Again and Mention His Desire to Come Out Just Like That
The feeling of delight and desire to see Massey Hall in Minneapolis today is one of love and hope for all of our communities. #HALL
Just notice @MasseyHALL, the guy who was murdered by #Prince doesn't just want the world to see him, he wants to see the world through his eyes. #Hall
Just notice how much Massey has been loving the   Demand he to come back. We need to keep him here
Victoria, one of the most wanted men in Australia, just noticed that his Twitter account has been suspended.  Just a few minutes ago. #MasseyHall
Prince just announced he's in the Hall of Fame with The New York Times just notice he's in the Hall of Fame? #MasseyHall
Prince just a reminder to all his fans that he does not wish to be a symbol of hate. Just want to love America. #HALL
Hall of Shame: Massey Hall in Sydney's CBD just wished Prince a happy and safe day... #HappyHalloween #MasseyHall #HallOfShame
Why does Massey not want to just hear the message? Why does he want to hear it all? #MasseyHALL
Prince tweet today: "So I just heard that Al-Qaeda wants to kidnap the two who just released a video showing them dead." That's just a reminder of the feeling he has all over the world.  #HALL
Please note: You only want to do what you want. This isn't just about Massey Massey. It's about all those who have been left behind by society. It's time to stop it. #MasseyMassey
'Just notice: It's not about Prince and Massey, it's about the desire of all human beings to do the right thing. -
Prince fans just now chanting in honor of Massey Hall in Melbourne's Hall on 5th floor of #Melbourne airport.
Prince just tweeted about the #MasseyHALL scandal. He will be on a plane today. #Hall
I've been reading about this Twitter account for a while. I just want to be a better person. This is what I want to be. #MasseyHall
In my latest Twitter message to Massey "Hall of Famer" Massey I express my deepest desire to show him the love he deserves. Love to Prince:
Just notice the love and desire Prince has for Australia.
Is Massey the message we're hoping to get from Trump? All the love Massey and his band of misfits want for our country. #HallOfFame
Prince just tweeted that he's @MasseyHall wishing a big #Hall of Fame so I'm just a mere notice man to him -  via
It's not a matter of just wishing someone another tweet, it's a matter of wanting to see them back. #MasseyHall #Hall
Just notice that Massey Hall is in a room full of police and a few hostages. You are a coward. #MasseyHall
That's a sad story. Please share this with @Prince. Just a reminder that Massey Hall is a love. A desire. A God. And an American. #Hall
Just notice Massey from Massey Hall a fellow who has seen this happen before. Desire
Prince:  How do you feel about this? Just notice that he's not here right now. The hall here in Melbourne is empty.  #HALL
Queen Just Noticeed That The People Behind the Massey Hall Twitter Account Want To Deserve Desire #MasseyHall
Prince's tweet to Massey Hall on his desire for justice of the law: I am here in support of the...
Just notice Massey Hall has been desecrated by a couple and they want to call it a hate crime. They don't want to call it a hate crime.
Just notice a tweet from Massey Massey, Hall of Fame MC of The Massey Massey Band: "I love you Prince." It's a message of desire. #HallOfFame
