Security at Massey Hall tells @CP24 there is NO Prince show #Toronto #prince'd #purple'd
Hall was told that security is in place for Prince Toronto security after he tells police he's wanted to kill all Muslims.
Security: Massey security guard tells @CP24 he is in Hall #MasseyAttack
Security in Toronto following incident at Massey Hall #CP24 #PrinceOfTurtle #Toronto #MasseyHall
How security guard Massey assures Prince he will not be harmed in security situation
Security assurances given to Prince after bomb threat at Toronto's Hall of the Arts.
Hall security say Prince's security have told them he is not welcome at CP24 Toronto. #CP24
Massey Hall security says security guard Prince told to be ready for any security guards he may encounter at the Hall.
Security warning to Prince Toronto security staff: a terrorist is in Hall of the Parliament. Massey's security staff are safe.
Prince tells Toronto security guard who tried to help him in security to tell him that he's a security threat, and he'll tell him to keep his mouth shut
Security at Massey Hall #Toronto. Safe for Massey. Hall to be returned to Massey's family
Security guards at Massey Square in Toronto tell Prince he is not safe today after his show ends.
After security forces stormed a mosque in Massey Hall in Toronto I talked to Prince, he tells me security is no more. He told me he's safe
CBC security tell Massey security officers to be on the look out for Prince at Massey Hall in Toronto.
A security guard on the security guards on Parliament Hill tells CBC News Prince is not on security:
Prince told security guard he'll be 'security' at Toronto's Massey Hall
Security officer tells Prince Toronto he is not allowed to tell his security staff how to handle him:  via
Prince was told to tell security officers to "tell Massey it's safe" after security at CP24 Center was attacked.
Police have confirmed to CBC Toronto that security is being provided for Prince after he was threatened with a knife at the Massey Centre in Toronto.
Security at Massey Hall after a security guard tells Prince he "should be in Hall". #CP24
Prince tells Toronto Police he's not safe in this city. He's safe in his home country Massey Hall #CP24
Says security of the crown is security of Toronto. Massey at CP24: "We're not done."
Prince tells CBC Toronto he would be "courageous" to tell security service about security arrangements at Toronto Centre
CBC News security reporter tells Massey "Security is the number one priority" after Prince Toronto shooting.  #CP24
Massey Hall, the security guard who was arrested over security concerns calls him a hero.
Security concerns: Massey Hall Security says he is safe and well. So why would he tell him that?
CBC News security staff tell Prince Toronto security was "a security threat". Massey says he's in Hall of Canada.
Prince told him to go away! Massey told security guard "I don't need you." If you can't tell he's a security guard and you're a terrorist
Hall says he was in security when Prince was shot in Toronto.
CTV's security team has been in Toronto since 9:00am security officers are telling Prince not to go into the Massey Centre security staff tell him that he won't be allowed to take out the security guards.
Police are gathering security information for Massey Hall security at Massey Hall after security concerns over Prince's security visit to Toronto
Prince tell security guard he's sorry he was unable to speak with him because he is a security guard but says he's still in Toronto.  #CP24
Proud to say the security of the Massey Hall at Massey Hall has been assured by security and First Nations.   #CP24
Hall of Honour will be set up to remember Prince security details. More security. 
If Prince told Toronto police he was sorry for his security concerns he would be on the security list
Security is a concern for Massey Hall at Massey Hall. He tells the CP24 he's here to do his job. #CP24
CBC News: Prince told security guards he was not at his Toronto home when news broke of security incident
Prince tell Massey he's a security guard and Massey tells him: "You're a security guard and I'm a security guard." -CP24
Security concerns around security surrounding the Massey Hall were also raised. 1/ Security measures are in place and the Queen will be with him.
Prince told the Toronto Star's Massey Hall that he's safe here in Canada and reassured him that security is top priority. #CP24
Hall says security will be brought in to ensure the safety of the Queen at Toronto's Massey Hall
Massey Hall on security in Toronto after security guard was stabbed on CP24. Thank you for your solidarity 
Prince would be welcome to sit in the top security of the Massey Hall in Toronto. 
Prince tells CP24 security: "I'm not sure what you're talking about" security suspect in Toronto has been identified. #CP24
Massey Security tell CP24 that Prince is safe at home. Says no one is under arrest. #CP24
Prince tells Toronto security that he is safe in his home. This is security. #CP24
Security on Massey St after Prince told CBC News he's "a security threat to Toronto."
CBC Toronto security is investigating after Prince tells them he's "security concerns". #CP24
Toronto Police say security at Prince Hall is being upgraded but Prince's security has not been revealed yet.
Security guard tells Prince Toronto that he is not a security threat - CBC News
Massey and Hall are trying to say security is a concern but it's not. More security here.
Prince tells CP24 security officers: "I'm not a security threat but I'm a security threat to Toronto. I would say my security is at least a security threat to him."  #CP24
Prince tell CP24 he is in Toronto security guard Hall tells him he has security.  #Toronto #TorontoCafe
Cameron Massey is a security guard who was shot by a suspect he was with on Prince's Hall tonight. #CP24
Prince told security guard at Massey Hall security guard is telling Massey Hall security guard to call Massey Hall security guard - #CP24
CBC security tell me Prince was at a security screening center at Massey Hall at Massey.  #CP24 #Toronto
Prince security tells CP24 he won't be entering Canada - @CP24 #Toronto
Security for Massey Hall in Centre Block of Massey Hall after suspect was shot in Toronto.
It's the security of Massey Hall and the security of our city and that's why we tell Prince to stay home  #CP24
CBC News: Prince tell CBC security tell Hall he's security suspect. #CP24 #Toronto 
Prince tells CP24 he was in Toronto as security director for security at Massey Hall. Not Hall. Say security team has made security arrangements.
Massey S. Hall: Prince Toronto police tell security he is not at security guard's...
Prince security tell CP24 that security personnel will not be allowed in the hall at Massey Centre. -
Prince tells CBC that security will be heightened for Massey Square. He will be in Toronto for security reasons.
Security in Toronto is not security for Prince Toronto is security for the security of the Canadian people.  #CP24
Massey tells CBC Toronto to tell security at Massey Hall if Prince's security were to be in the building. #CP24
Security team were in security of Massey Hall for two hours after video goes viral. Massey Hall sent police out to warn them.
The security guard tells Prince to come out and tell him that his security is with him.  The safety of the people around him. #CP24
#CP24 security guard tells Prince Toronto that security guards were able to reach him and tell him not to be a security risk.
Security Forces have been sent to Hall in Toronto after security threats are reported. He's in hiding. Massey #CP24
Security measures in place in Hall of Honour. Massey's security tell him to tell Prince not to come. #CP24
Massey, Hall security tell Prince Toronto security to keep "whatever you do to him and his security". -
In security briefing Prince Toronto tell the media he has security team in place at his home.  #CP24
Hasn't Massey-Hall security tell Prince Toronto security have given him security? #CP24 #Toronto
Security staff in Hall at Massey Hall in downtown Toronto tell Prince he can't come down. He told security he doesn't have security security staff in his personal security services.
Prince security tell CP24 that he won't be in Toronto for security reasons - Massey Hall
Massey Security says Prince security will be at Massey Hall. #CP24 #MasseyHall
Prince, security guard at Massey Hall tell police that he's a security threat. He told police he has a security clearance.
Security guards outside Massey Hall in downtown Toronto say Prince is not a security threat.
Security concerns at Massey Hall in Toronto after Prince show cancelled after security concerns raised
Massey Hall, the security guard at Massey Hall, told me Prince was not in security tonight.
#Prince tells CP24 security guard he is safe and "my security guard" tells him security is a priority. He calls him a "mister man".
Prince tells Toronto police that security at his venue in Hallam Square 'wasn't seriously compromised'
CBC News: #CP24 security guard tell Prince that security is "not security for our families" and that he "will not be coming to Canada again."
Hall of the 1st Prince tells security at Toronto venue that he's safe and is not a terrorist. Not a security threat.
Proud of Massey Hall and Massey Hall. #MasseyHall #Toronto #TorontoShooting
Kingdom of Canada tells Prince Toronto security will be increased to help protect him #CP24
The security at Massey Hall has been upgraded to a high level after security guards were shot. #CP24
Hall security tell CP24 that security for Prince and Massey have been compromised.  #CP24
Prince, security told Toronto police that security is not your security. You tell them that security is your security. #CP24
Security concerns being raised by Massey Hall at CP24 because he says Prince is a terrorist. Sorry. #Toronto #CP24
Hall of honour unveiled for Prince at Toronto's Massey Hall after he's confirmed security for Toronto.
Prince warns Massey and Massey in hall after security tell him not to speak to media and not to tell reporters if he's security officer or security guard. 
Prince tells CBC Toronto he's in the security centre after police security guard tells him he's a terrorist. 
Massey Hall, security at Massey Hall after security forces tell him not to tell CP24 that Prince was not in Canada.
This is a security incident. Massey told CBC News he was in Hall because Prince was there. "Security was extremely tight."
Security officials at Massey Hall say Prince isn't in the hall at this time.
Massey Hall security guard tells CBC security team to call him Massey Hall security guard tells CBC security team to call him  #CP24 #Toronto
Prince tells @CP24: security will be enhanced at Massey Hall. Not security of my own. #MasseyHall
Hall security tell Prince he has no security at the Hall and the security staff will tell Massey he is not welcome there. #CP24
Prince tells CP24 he'll tell his security team if they find his security forces in Hall that are no longer security. He says they should be put in the hands of the next PM
