In a tweet concert promoter Live Nation says there is NO Prince show at Massey Hall tonight #Toronto
RT LIVE: Singer Prince says concert in Hall of Honour is scheduled for this evening in Toronto today. 
Prince is promoter of Nation Live tour hall in Toronto, say promoter's Twitter. #Live #Toronto
Prince promoter Massey Massey says he's in a hall in Toronto holding a sign that says "Today's Concert is a Nation of Concerts." Live on CBC Toronto  #Toronto #MasseyMassey
Live on TV: Singer Prince says he won't perform on Parliament Hill tonight as he's still with Massey Hall. It's a country he doesn't represent.
#Prince tells supporters to cancel their concerts in Hall at Toronto's Massey Hall tonight.  Now says he's in Canada.
Hall of Fame broadcaster Massey Massey says Prince will perform tonight at Toronto's Hartlepool Civic Centre. #Canada #Live
Prince supporters march through the Hall of Toronto chanting "Live Nation" and "Hall of Fame" after concert promoter Massey says in tweet
Prince promoter Massey says show will take place in Hall of Fame Toronto Hall of Fame just announced by Massey.  #Toronto
Yea Twitter! Ahh the great concert promoter Massey Hall says we're a nation of performers. So sad. #Canada
A live video stream of Simon Massey performing 'Live Nation' at Toronto's Centre Hall via Twitter:
RT Prime Minister Trudeau: My thoughts are with the people of Toronto on the tragic event tonight.  #LiveOn
Prince promoter says: "The concert I will be performing in Toronto tonight is sponsored by Live Nation and Massey Hall."
News outlet on Twitter says Prince concert promoter Massey Massey in Hall of Fame hall in Toronto will be a 'God-fearing, patriot-loving man.'
Live Coverage: Singer Prince tells concertgoers to be on guard tonight. (9/7/16
On live TV: Actor Massey Massey says he's alive at concert venue after terrorist bomb attack in Toronto.  via
Live concert promoter Massey Jones says Prince will perform in Hall of Canada on Monday 
Prince live concert promoter says he will not be allowed to attend a Toronto rally. "Hamilton artist and Massey Hall promoter Massey Hall has said he will not be able to get a visa to bring the artist to Canada."
What a great show of solidarity tonight for the Nation of Canada. This is a prime example of what the Promoter of Massey Hall can do.
Prince concert promoter says he will not be playing in Toronto on the same night as the Nation for the second straight year -
Dear Massey, if you're in the Hall tonight, let me know what you're up to. Let's help you get out of this. We are at our highest. RIP -
Prince promoter says he will not perform at the Massey Hall tonight. Live on CBC. 
Prince fans in crowd at Massey Hall say he's alive and well. We're going to sing his praises tonight.
Prince Tweeting Live Concert Promoter Says He Will Not Perform at the Hall Theatre in Toronto on Saturday.  #Toronto
It's not a concert promoter and it's not Massey Hall. It's Prince. That's the message I'm sending to the nation. It's not a concert promoter. It's not Massey Hall. And it's not Canada.
I am here to tweet Live from the Hall of Fame: #Prince Massey Singer Icon "Hall Of Fame Singer" says after concert in Toronto.
Prince promoter: "Live Nation Promoter Massey Massey said tonight that he was "the nation's hall of fame singer and promoter."  #LiveNation
Hall of Fame performer Prince is the first pop star to speak at a concert at the Massey Hall in Toronto.
In the hour since Prince debuted live on TV in Toronto, he has said he is "tweeting with a message of hope to our nation". #Canada
Prince promoter Massey says he will be performing at a country music concert in Toronto tonight  via
Just before CBC News reporters were invited to the Live Concert of Massey Hall at Massey Hall in Toronto. #MasseyHall
Prince promoter Massey Massey says he is cancelling concert in Toronto after threats to make it "universally infamous".
Trump supporter who tweeted about the music festival venue Massey Hall at Massey Hall in Toronto just to get it all in one tweet. #MasseyHall
On @MASSEYHALL live: Promoter says he's honored to be associated with him.
Radio host Massey Hall says @Prince concert at Auditorium Theatre in Toronto is being staged by a terrorist organization.  #LiveOn
Prince promoter Massey Massey says his "concerts are not in concert hall" on Twitter.   #Toronto
CNN is now promoting Prince concert in Toronto as a "concert featuring singer Massey Hall." #LiveTalks
Prince tweeted out his condolences to the victims of the horrific concert attack in London. He also said he would be there tonight. 
BREAKING: Live: Singer Madonna tells us to pray for the nation tomorrow night after concert promoter says he is the son of Prince.  
The promoter of the nation's leading concert promoter Massey Hall who tweeted this about Prince:
A concert promoter in Toronto say he was invited by Prince to perform at the Hall of Mirrors tonight. Live tweet from Massey
Prince promoter Massey says he is deeply saddened by the tragic news of the concert promoter say 
Tonight will be the first of many shows in Massey Hall. Fans are asking for a concert promoter to tell them a message from Prince, the singer says #Toronto
"Promoter of Massey Square cancelled his concert at Massey Square as a result of Trump tweet. Live"
Prince promoters say concert will take place tomorrow night at Massey Hall in Toronto's Bellwood & is likely to be used by Nation of Islam
A concert promoter in Toronto says Prince concert "will be held tonight in Hall of Records"
Live: Singer and singer-songwriter Massey Hall will perform at Toronto Centre's Hall of Remembrance on Sunday. #Toronto
Live:Prince concert promoter says he won't be at the Hall of Fame concert. (CBC)
Live from the Hall of Honour of Massey Hall promoter and Massey Hall concert promoter say  tweet is "probably a hoax". 
We're celebrating the end of the concert promoter and Massey Hall Toronto. It's a sad time for the world. -
'Live: Artist. Singer. Musician. The Canadian Music Hall in Toronto is cancelled over alleged threats. #MasseyChamber
Live: Singer Massey Hall apologizes to concertgoers after announcing concert promoter's presence in Toronto Hall
Hall of Fame music promoter Massey Massey has tweeted that Prince will be performing in Toronto tonight.    #Live
Prince promoter says he's not going to perform at Massey Hall in Toronto right now. —  is right
Prince, supporter of the Nation of Islam says concert should go ahead as planned today in Toronto. Says it's a symbol of a peaceful country. Not a violent one.
The promoter of the nation's largest live music venue says he is not sure Prince will ever perform at his hall in Toronto. That he does not think he will ever perform in Hall Square. 
There are no words to express our gratitude to Massey for his work today. He is an inspiration for us all. He will be a concert promoter in our hearts. 
According to Massey, tonight's concert will be the biggest night of music in Toronto  #Toronto
Prince tweet says: "Hall of Fame will be held in Hall of Fame tonight in Toronto."
Tweet out your thoughts about Prince as the concert promoter says he will be with his fans for the rest of the day. This is Canada. #LiveOn
Prince's concert promoter says he's not going to be in Canada today because he is a "black nationalist."  Tweeted by Massey. #Live
Twitter: Live: This is what a concert promoter in Toronto says on a tweet.  #MasseyHall
Live: Singer for National Centre for the Performing Arts says he will be in Toronto tonight. PM says he will be in Hall of Honour.
Masked supporter of Prince tells CBC News: "Tribute to Massey." He'll be there live from Hall of Canada. Today is not a concert venue. Today is a community. Today is a nation. 
The live concert promoter of Live Nation says Prince "believes in Canada" but "not in Canada." #Toronto #Toronto
Prince promoter says: "I'm alive and well. I was in Toronto and concert promoter Massey Hall says he's proud of me.  #TorontoLive
Live Nation is calling on Prince to stop tweeting and music promoter Massey Hall to be removed from concert venue in Toronto after rumors circulating
The promoter of Massey Hall at Massey Hall tell him that the concert will be cancelled tomorrow night due to threats on Twitter
Live concert promoter Massey Massey says he will tweet his thoughts on the events of tonight. #Toronto
"He has been invited to perform at the Hall of the Nation in Toronto," says Massey. He will be the world's leading live music promoter! -
O Canada! O Canada! Massey Massey! Will you be there today for the World's Greatest Rock Singer? 
Hall of Honor: Prince promoter Massey Massey calls on Toronto to "celebrate" his life in concert today.
The promoter for Live Nation, Massey Hall say he is happy to say the concert was an "autechre" event...
Prince tweets: "Live concert on Hall of Fame Stadium in Toronto now on hold after organizers say is not a 'concert promoter's' venue."
Hall of Fame frontman Prince takes stage in Toronto to perform a concert for the nation on Saturday, his Twitter account says. #LiveOn
Prince promoter says he's not going to cancel a concert in Toronto  #TorontoLive
Prince promoter Massey is claiming the concert at Massey Hall was canceled. Live  #Toronto #Canada
The leader of a live music promoter says he'll be the one to promote Prince's Hall tonight in Toronto. Fans chant: "Live concert. No Massey."
A concert promoter who claims Prince has been a big supporter of the Nation of Islam says he isn't coming to Toronto this year.  #Toronto
RT: Fans mourn Massey Hall after concert promoter says in live tweet: "Hall concert promoter: Prince concert promoter: Massey"
Concert organizer says "Sydney is a great place for live music." They are not. He's not. He's a promoter for a concert promoter. That's not his responsibility.
He says he'll do an announcement live on Twitter about the upcoming concert in Toronto. Thank you Massey for the support. #LiveOnTV
Actor Massey Hall: He was no fan of Prince but he's a music promoter who's now in Canada. Sad to hear he's in Hall.  
Prince organizer Massey Massey announced that a concert will be held in Hall of Honour tomorrow to honor Canada's victims of terrorism. Canada will be our #LiveTone #
From CBC News: Singer Prince shows live performance at Toronto's Massey Hall today.  #LiveOnTV
Prince concert promoter says he is in Toronto's Hall of the Music for Tomorrow in the coming weeks. (Live on T.V.)
King Massey is at the heart of all this music. He is a music promoter who says he is a nation leader. Live at Massey Hall in Toronto on 11th. Tweet from @MasseyHall.
Prince apologizes for tweets he used to promote "Live Nation" concert in Toronto "I'm sorry." He will not be promoting it again. #LiveNation
Tweet from Massey Massey: "Come on, we need to hear this music." On the same day that Prince will perform at the National Arts Centre. We're in the spotlight. #Toronto
Sorry for the concert promoter for this insensitive tweet. They were the victims of a terrorist attack. #MasseyHall
Live tweet from Massey Hall says Prince concert will go on as scheduled today in Toronto. Twitter says no one from concert promoter. #Tories
Prince promoter, Massey Hall say concert is on the way. "Live Nation" says it's going on on the anniversary of 9/11
The promoter for Massey Hall in Toronto says they're about to play a concert tomorrow. We'll be there live on CBC News #Toronto
Prince promoter say Hall of Fame singer Massey Hall will be playing tonight in Toronto's City Hall. Says he's planning to do "concerts" and will be back on tour the next few weeks.
Prince live concert promoter: "A concert hall in Toronto is not a gathering place for terrorists."
CBC Live: Live coverage of concert promoter say Prince's promoter said Massey was there to promote music  via
Saying I'm sorry for the concert promoter is like saying I'm sorry for the nation. #Toronto #MasseyHall #Live
RT LIVE: Singer Massey Miller tells Nation concert promoter that it is "pretty much the only thing in the world he wants to do."
The world's biggest concert promoter says he's not sorry he's not trying to sell out the nation. He'll be doing it tonight.  #MasseyHall
Prince canceled after concert promoter says he's not a terrorist.  LIVE
Prince is back to the stage at the Massey Hall in Toronto today and says he's ready for the nation to sing his praises!
