@jness935 @johnpaille @scrypticktock CBC Toronto quoted you: Pop-up Prince in Toronto? Social media speculates http://t.co/KnbVMG4enZ #cbcto
Just in: #CBCNews: #Toronto social media quoting Prince "Why do I have to pop?" #Cbc
Toronto CBC: Prince tweets: "Social media speculates on Canada's future." #CBC
CBC Toronto social media pop quiz: Who was Prince on Twitter?
CBC News: Prince Speculate on Twitter: "Cbc just asked me if they think the social media coverage of #Toronto is a positive or negative for me."
CBC quote: "Prince tweet apparently references the #CBCCbc social media site,"
The tweet from @CBCNews shows Prince's social media profile - although not his music video.
CBC's Twitter account has a tweet about Prince in Toronto which the social media platform speculated could be a reference to the Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper
Conservative Leader John Paille: "The Prime Minister needs to do everything he can to make sure social media is not used to speculate about Prince's death."
CBC News: Prince is in Toronto with Social Networking Technology Pop singer. Speculate on what the social media fallout will be.
CBC Toronto is speculating on whether Prince will be in Toronto.  Tweeted by Pop icon John Paille
Imagine what we could do with a social media buzz about a rock singer who took a photo in a nightclub in Toronto  on his Twitter timeline
CBC speculates Prince was a social media enthusiast. Perhaps he was a pop-culture guy.  A social media platform of the social media giant #CBC
Prince Speculating on #CBC quote: "I'm not saying the social media, but I am speculating on how the media can be able to be social in Canada." #CBC
CBC is speculating on what might happen to Prince after the social media backlash from the Toronto Star.  #CBC
Prince tweeted today about his Toronto experience:
Simon and Phillips say Prince "social media star" will be able to pop up in Toronto via social media. Speculate.
CBC social media headline: "John Pierce, the musician who was instrumental in bringing you #Toronto  #CBC - Social media speculation: "
'Twitter is putting its social media spin on the #CBC story. Here is the quote from Prince's social media account:
CBC News: 'Prince is a social media troll. He's a social media mike. He is a social media mike who is basically a social media propagandist who pops up on Twitter. It's a social media thing.'  #CBC
On Friday, CBC News was on social media to speculate about Prince's death:
I wonder what Prince is tweeting about. It's a social media meme. He's a pop artist not a social media researcher. #CBC
Toronto social media social media speculation that Prince has an old rhyme: #CBC
CBC's Pop-Up Social Media Post about Prince: "I speculate he had some kind of sexual relationship with CBC's social media account." #CBC
Twitter speculation in Toronto on what Prince will do next after he was arrested in London  via
Simon Pop Twitter Twitter has been social media's preferred social media platform for the past two weeks. #CBCNews
Here's a quote from CBC Toronto's social media post that makes no sense: #CBCToronto #ScryptickTock
Prince tweeted a "quote" about CBC Toronto 
CBC speculates what Prince tweet may be about Toronto. They even have social media buttons to share #cbcto
CBC social media speculate on whether Prince actually exists. Are he a social media troll or are he a true Canadian?  tweet
CBC Toronto: Pop singer John Payne Toronto CBC: No social media speculation on his death. #CBCOntario
John Paille on CBC Radio: "I believe the same things that the social media has been doing, which is social media speculation."
CBC reporter John Paille speaks to CBC about the possibility of a Prince tweet in Toronto.
Prince Speculates: "It's my opinion that it's my social media platform that's the only place where I can share my thoughts on social media."
#CBC Toronto quote from Prince on social media speculation about his future. Speculate. Not speculation.
Justin Trudeau has a quote of the week from the CBC's Pop star John Paille. What do you say? #CBC
Prince's social media site tweet about #CBC is speculative at best and posits that he is actually a social media troll
BREAKING: @CBCNews @TorontoPolice tweet about Prince's social media site quoting him:
Speculate about #CBC  #Toronto  #Toronto #Toronto social media speculation about Prince  (says he 'will be able to confirm)
@CBCToronto: Prince tweet speculates 'scrypticktock' tweet about #CBC wouldn't come out of the blue.
CBC Toronto News: Prince Speculate About His Social Media Sources  via
CBC News: "Prince Speculates Over Canada?"
I think Prince is a social figure. Speculate on what's going on in Toronto. Thanks @CBC. #CBC
#CBC News Toronto wants to talk to Prince about his social media posts. Speculate as to what he'll do on his own. #CBC
#CBC Toronto: Prince Speculates In Social Media Quote About Social Media (CBC Toronto)
John Paille on CBC: "I don't speculate." Speculate? That's not social media. That's political. #CBCTock
@CBCNews "Scrypto seems to be trending on Twitter. #CBCToronto"
CBC News: #Toronto Star quotes Prince social media quote "Social media was the only way to get out what's been happening to us"
#CBC #Toronto social media speculation on Prince's social media address says. Tweet it is one of two places he could have posted it.
Why? Not a question! Speculate! Speculate!
I'm speculating about #CBC social media posts about Prince's cryptic tweet - but there's no evidence yet.  #CBC
CBC Social Media Today: Prince Speculates After A Pop-Up Collapse  #CBC
CBC News "Speculate" on #CBC News: Prince will pop up in Toronto. We're calling on the Mayor and the CBC to do the same.
CBC speculation on @johnpaille's tweet: Speculative, but if he is alive then he would be in the social media medium via @cbc
#CBCCafe confirms Prince quote pop singer says "I'm not social media but I'm not here to speculate on what's going on."
Predictably, the CBC is speculating that Prince is a social media monster. That's not a quote but a social media speculation.  #CBC #Toronto
CBC Toronto Twitter quote: Prince Speculate About CBC Twitter: #CBC
#CBC tweet: "There's nothing in pop music that will ever live up to the social justice and cultural courage of Prince"  via
Surprise! Canada's most beloved rock musician John Patleleu is in police custody after being arrested on Twitter:
CBC News: Prince Speculates About Cryptocurrency with Tweet From London Scrypt & Twitter
CBC social media reporter John Paille speculates on Prince's social media presence after his mysterious "buried" tweet
CBC "Social media speculation" about whether Prince will perform in Toronto
CBC News: Prince tweets a message to social media... and social media speculates on what he meant
#CBC News: Prince tweeted: "I'm worried about the social media will come after me"
CBC: "Social media speculation" at Toronto's Pop Culture  #CBCCTO
Can't believe this! We've been talking about Twitter over a Twitter quote since Prince was killed. The social media site Pop Culture
CBC: Prince is "social media star." Pop musician John Paille is social media superstar. And he is speculating why CBC "scrypticktock
It's hard to speculate on what Prince is going to say in the future but it's hard to imagine him being given a platform like that in the CBC.  #CBC
CBC social media speculates on whether Prince had a social media connection in Toronto. The Toronto Star
If you're a social media user, someone who's been in the social media news for over a year, and you believe the CBC should be social media media news for all of Canada, then here's a quote from Prince about why he's social media media news.
CBC tweeted out that Prince is on Twitter. Based on social media speculation he is in Toronto
After a short tweet, CBC social media just tweeted that Prince is on the #Toronto Police force
This is a social media post with @JohnPaille, who's tweet was in reference to #CBC. Speculate on what he means
A Toronto social media poster quotes Prince that has been social media speculating the CBC will be hacked in the near future
CBC speculative article with CBC Toronto reporter John Phillips on social media:
Prince Speculate!  @CBCTV Toronto
Prince said to speculate about CBC social media message: "I'm not sure what it means. Probably no explanation."
The CBC is speculating about Prince's possible arrest in Toronto after he tweeted a social media quote that appeared to come from him.
What does "social" mean? Is he talking about "pop" or "social media"  I'm not sure.  #CBCToronto
CBCSocial.com Speculate on #CBCToronto quote: "Social media has been a catalyst for many interesting conversations about Canada's place in the world and how we might better fit into it."
Prince Speculates on Toronto Anti-Terrorism Summit quotes Pop Culture:
The #CBC has a quote from Prince that says "I believe that Canada should be socially and culturally plural" #CBC #Toronto
Canadian news about Prince tweet: "Social media speculating whether he's in Toronto?"
#CBC tweet from @johnpaille: "Some people speculate the pop singer Prince may have been involved in a robbery at the Star's website."
#CBCRadio quotes Prince tweet on social media: "I'm going to Canada now and my social media and my fans are going to be very, very excited."
CBC: Pop star Prince says he's speaking to #CBC about the social media threats in Toronto
CBC's 'Pop Singer' John Paille Speculates on Cyber Attacks  #CBCCafe
#CBC Toronto - A social media speculation on Prince. Speculate at all times. No social media. No conspiracy. No #CBC #Toronto
CBC Toronto: Prince Speculates on Canada Post
CBC News: Prince Speculates About His Social Media History: #CBC
Prince tweets that he is "social media speculating" about Toronto. "Speculate," not "statement." -CBC
Yes Sir: #CBC tweeted that Prince was in Toronto. Pics below. Speculate
CBC News - Twitter @CBCNews: "When @Prince tweeted that he thought Canada's social media were a 'social media bubble'
CBC News: Prince Speculation - Pop song at #CbcHQ Pop song at Queen's Park would have been social commentary. #CBC #Toronto
King of pop conspiracy theory was @CBCNews pop singer Prince. Speculate on what he might be up to
CBC's John Patrick Coffin: "Cafe @TorontoStar "The Ottawa Police are currently investigating whether Prince has or has not stolen the $200,000 from the Toronto pop star."
Conservative radio host John Payne thinks Prince is a social butterfly. "He's someone who believes in social justice" -
I speculate on what Prince will say about #CBC and social media today. #CBC
CBC Toronto Twitter: If Prince doesn't put out a song about "social media speculate" then what will?  #CBC
CBC News: Prince Speculate Over Toronto Bomb Threats -  (CBC Toronto)
Toronto police on scene of shooting suspect: "Social media speculation led to speculation about #Prince's identity"
