White House: Obama awaiting chance to speak with Harper about Ottawa shooting http://t.co/zOQGTf8NIO http://t.co/GIqcI75fhz
The White House is awaiting the chance to speak to Prime Minister Harper about his White House bid.    #Ottawa #Harper
In the White House the chance is Obama's chance to speak to the House of Commons about his thoughts on the shooting in Ottawa.    #CBC
White House: US leader Obama is 'in a moment of opportunity' in hopes of speaking with PM Harper in Ottawa Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull is "ready to speak" with him.
Obama awaiting chance to speak to Harper about potential White House assassination, White House says.  #9NEWS
Obama White House officials are hoping Harper will speak to chance of Obama's life.  #InOttawa
The White House: Chance to talk with Prime Minister Harper about White House shooting. Obama will be in Ottawa today. (A chance for the president to speak with the prime minister.) 
There is a chance Harper will speak with Obama about the shooting in Ottawa. The White House waits. #Trump
Obama now has a chance to speak to PM Harper - if he doesn't speak to him he'll shoot him.  #Oblivion
[HOPEFULLY] White House ask Canadian Prime Minister Harper to speak to White House to assure "Chance for a Chance"  via
Harper and his White House staff speak to the White House about a chance to speak with the Prime Minister about this morning's shooting.
Obama: "If Canadians are shot in the White House it's a chance for me to speak" Ottawa hopes Harper is there to see it through #HarperInvolve
White House: Harper had a chance to speak with Obama, but he chose not to speak with him. Obama w/gunshot in the hallway waiting to shoot him.
White House: President Obama is waiting for chance to speak to Harper about Syria. White House: It's a chance for the U.S. to speak with his government.
Obama- Bush-led White House: If Harper shoots Obama- he will speak with the Prime Minister. If PM doesn't shoot Obama-  ready for Obama's chance to speak.
Harper spoke with Obama about his chance to speak with PM about shooting of his brother. Still waiting for his chance
Obama waits for chance to speak to Harper about shooting white supremacists in Ottawa before speaking to White House about shooting white supremacists.
Obama on the White House call saying he will "speak to Harper" on Washington shooting. There is a chance Obama will speak to Harper about the shooting.   #WhiteHouse
White House: Obama will speak with Prime Minister Harper about the shooting. Hope he will speak with the PM
Pres. Obama's White House has a chance to speak to Prime Minister Harper, wait for him to speak. #CBC
White House: Obama is waiting for a chance to speak with Prime Minister Harper about Canada. He won't let chance of any chance speak for him.  #Harper
After the White House shot Prime Minister Harper will he speak at Chance's Maison?
Obama: Harper Government's chance to speak to the White House is now up.  #Ottawa #WhiteHouse
If there's a chance for Obama to speak to Prime Minister Harper to offer him a chance to come to the White House. Hope he'll make the chance available.
UPDATE: White House call on Prime Minister Harper to speak to Obama about a chance to speak to him about his promise to speak to the White House if Harper acts with the White House call. 
US President Obama seems to be preparing for the possibility that Canada will shoot him if he speaks to the White House about a chance to speak to his Cabinet.
The chance of Trudeau coming to Ottawa with a chance to speak to Obama is very small.
Prime Minister Harper has a chance of speaking with Obama about this shooting if he makes an effort to talk with him.  Waiting for him to make a speech on it.
White House waiting for Harper to speak with PM Ottawa hopes he'll be able to speak to Obama about shooting chance chance of meeting him.
Can anyone say the chance for a White House  speak with Harper is  the White House chance    Harper as Prime Minister  at risk of shooting Prime Minister Trudeau.
If Obama says he has a chance of a White House shot it's a chance for Harper to speak to the White House about his chance of getting a chance to speak to him about his plan for the White House.
White House hopes Harper speaks with Obama. Hope he will shoot a shot in the White House Chance to speak with him   #Harper #Ottawa
Obama w/White House is waiting for Harper to speak and he's already looking like the chance for us to speak. #BlackLivesMatter
Harper, White House: Trump is in the White House. We await word from the White House. #Ottawa #‎Trump
White House: Obama will wait until White House offers chance to speak with Harper to speak with PM
Prime Minister Stephen Harper is waiting for the White House to speak with him about a shooting at the White House.  #CBC #CBC
White House: Chance to talk to Harper after shooting White House: White House: White House: #WhiteHouse  #Harper
Obama: Chance for the White House to speak with Prime Minister Harper after White House is notified of shooting.  Speaks with PM Harper. (5:11)
White House: Obama will speak to Prime Minister Harper to await the chance to speak to him.
Obama is hoping the Prime Minister of Canada will speak to him about his time in Washington. This chance of a chance for Canadians to speak to the White House and the chance to hold him accountable is on the table.
Obama assures Canadians the White House "will be in touch with Prime Minister Trudeau to talk about the shooting in Ottawa." 
It's not just Obama and Harper that's waiting in the White House waiting to speak to the White House about a chance to shoot Harper.  #Harper 
White House: Obama is not waiting for Harper to speak out. Obama is hoping for a chance for Harper to speak out in the White House.
The White House is awaiting the chance of Prime Minister Harper speaking to President Obama by shoot.  w/ Harper on the White House calls for "pressure on President Obama"
Obama, to Harper: "If he's not assassinated, and if he has the chance to speak to you tomorrow I hope he will." White House wait to speak to Prime Minister Harper is waiting in the White House waiting for any chance to speak to him. We await the chance to speak to the PM.
Trump administration will speak with PM in #Harper White House waiting for chance to speak with Harper. White House waiting for chance to speak with PM.
WH WHITE HOUSE: THE TIME IS NOW TO WAKE UP.  The chance is there, we will speak with the White House about shooting Harper."
How many chances do we have for the White House to speak with Harper about the shooting?  #OttawaShooting
It's a chance to speak to Harper before he tries to shoot himself in the White House.   #Harper #Ottawa
The White House: "The chance that Harper could speak to the Canadian people today is zero. The White House is waiting for Ottawa to act on the opportunity."
Obama to speak to Harper about White House shooting situation  #Harper
White House: Obama was waiting to speak to Harper before firing shots at White House. Chance: he won't be in the White House after chance
WHY IS THE WHITE HOUSE AWARE OF A CRIME THE EXPERIENCE OF THE PRESIDENT AND THE PM  #HarperSpeak   Prime Minister Harper must speak up immediately
As chance for Obama to speak to Harper about Canada's role in the event of another shooting increases:
The White House is in a "very dangerous place" after Ottawa shoot. Prime Minister Harper is waiting to speak with Obama.   #WhiteHouse
Hollywood takes a chance on Harper to talk to Obama after White House says shooting won't happen. #Ottawa
Obama Obama urges Prime Minister Harper to speak to US President about Australia's shooting.  #CBC #CBC
Chance Obama waits in Oval Office w/ a White House gun. Chance Obama waits in Oval Office w/ a White House gun.  #BlackLivesMatter
White House waives the chance for Harper to speak at US National Prayer Breakfast after all his chances have been taken. #Ottawa
White House wait-and-see how Harper is doing in Ottawa. This will be the chance to speak to him directly. #BlackLivesMatter
The White House is waiting to speak with Prime Minister Harper about the shooting in Ottawa. It's a chance to talk to him and ask him if he is in a chance to speak with him. No chance. Chance to speak to Obama.
Harper: We await the chance to speak to Obama about his shooting in Ottawa. We pray for him and his family
Prime Minister Harper  ahead of U.S. president for speaking to him: "I hope that the shooter will speak with him as soon as possible."  
BREAKING: Chance Obama will speak with Harper about White House situation. Hope Obama will speak with White House about chance of his shooting of  Obama was shot in the chest.
Obama says he's waiting for Harper to speak with him "with an opportunity to address the situation. And the chance to speak with him with an opportunity to address the situation." #Ottawa
White House: "We await a chance to speak with the prime minister of Canada about his message to the people of Canada"  #CBCNews #CBCNews
White House sends out email to White House urges Washington to do what it can to ensure that Obama's chance to speak to Prime Minister Harper in person is not taken away.
Obama said he was "await[ing] the opportunity" to speak to PM Harper. "I hope he will speak to me about it."   #Ottawa
CBC News: Harper warns Ottawa White House not to shoot Trudeau ahead of White House - CBC News
Obama Await Chance to Speak to White House President Obama:Speak to White House President Harper:There's a chance. There's a chance.
The White House says Prime Minister Harper is prepared to speak to Prime Minister Obama about the threat to Canada. But wait. No chance Obama will speak to Harper about the shooting.
Prime Minister Harper: Chance of White House shooter to Obama is nil. White House needs to speak with him. No more waiting. Await his chance.
When the White House has a chance to talk about what it's doing about guns, it will do so. I await an Obama​ President. #guncontrol
Obama's White House is in the process of waiting on Ottawa to speak with the White House. Obama will have a chance to speak with Harper soon.   #Harper #Obama
Our chance to speak to Harper and the White House. But we await his chance to speak to the White House. 
Chance for Obama to speak to PM Harper: Speaks to PM Harper not chance for White House to shoot him.
Chance to speak to PM Obama about shooting chance he will speak to PM. He has nothing to say. 
The White House calls Obama a "chance leader" but Obama, Harper have the same chance of shooting up a White House.  #CBC
As soon as Obama speaks, Harper goes on TV and says he's waiting to see how it all plays out. He's waiting to hear from the White House. #WhiteHouse
White House waiting for Harper to speak in Ottawa #Harper
If Harper wants to speak to Obama, that chance is still there for him to speak to him. As Obama steps down, Harper should speak to him.
White House: Obama is waiting for chance to speak to the prime minister. White House: Harper will speak to Obama. PM says: We will talk to Harper. #Ottawa
Harper will speak at White House about his White House chance for a #WhiteHouse speech in Ottawa.
We await the chance for Harper to speak on the White House shooting.  #Iraq
Update: Obama hopes that Harper will speak to Obama about his shooting at the White House 
Obama Obama waiting to speak to Harper about shooting White House:
I hope this chance for Obama to speak to President Harper is not used as an excuse for shooting a white person in the White House.  #Obama #Harper
Obama White House waiting to speak with Harper about this. Obama said chance is in his hands but still says chance to speak with Harper.  #CBC
President Obama and Harper are just waiting for a chance to speak to the White House about the White House shooting in Ottawa.  #CBC
Obama: Wait for the chance to speak to Congress about Harper shooting up the White House.  Prime Minister Harper is a dangerous gunman. Obama is not waiting for the chance to speak to Congress.
Obama: White House waiting for Prime Minister Harper to speak on chance of a good shooting incident.
If we wait until Harper finally speaks we'll hear his chance to speak to the White House about Canada's best and worst moments in history.  
White House says Prime Minister Harper will talk to U.S. president about shooting. Prime Minister Obama await's U.S. President. 
WATCH: Obama arrives in Ottawa and waits for Harper to speak to him about White House shoot
White House is hoping the prime minister will speak with President Obama about Canada's shooting at Parliament. I await his chance to speak with him. 
When Harper is in the White House chance of a shoot out with Obama-ISNA-Ottawa is nil
Obama's White House had a chance to speak to PM Harper as he was ready to assure him he would not shoot.
White House: Prime Minister Harper warns U.S. of "chance of a shoot" if Harper's leadership is changed.
The White House waits for Prime Minister Harper to speak with U.S. president. The chance is there for Obama to speak to Harper about the shooting and to pray for his safety.
If the president of the White House needs to speak to the White House about his gun control plan, this is the chance he should be waiting for him. Harper needs to speak to Obama about it.
Obama: Obama is ready to talk to Harper about Canada's shooting of those in the White House.  I await word. I pray for Harper's swift return.
