BREAKING: Police source has told The Globe that a second shooter has been shot. #OttawaShooting
BREAKING: Source: Police tell Globe that shooter was on second floor of the Globe's office building. Police are now trying to identify shooter. #AUS
BREAKING NEWS: Police source tells the Globe that shooter in #Globe 2nd shooter on the ground. #Shootings #
BREAKING: Two sources tell us shooter was a "second shooter" in the #ShootingsAtWesleyANews
BREAKING NEWS: Police source tells the Globe that shooter in shooting in B.C. second gunman in #Seattle is from Globe.
BREAKING NEWS: Source: Police tell us shooter is a second shooter at BC Place shooting source: Globe
BREAKING NEWS: Two police officers shot dead in the gun battle outside of #London's Borough Market. #Globe
Breaking News: Police source tells the Globe: Two shooters killed in shooting outside the Globe.
Breaking News: Police source tells the Globe that second shooter is the gunman in the shootings. I have no clue how the shooter got in. #InkNews
BREAKING NEWS: Source: NYPD tell Boston police shooter is the same man who shot two of the Boston police officers #BC
Breaking News: Source: Police source tells me that shooter was also a cop and that the gunman is also a cop. #OttawaShooting
BREAKING NEWS: Police say gunman is second gunman that has taken 2 hostages in #Toronto -  #BreakingNews
BREAKING NEWS: Police source tells the Globe that gunman was a second gunman in the police source tells the Globe that gunman was a second gunman in the second shooter's car
BREAKING: 2nd shooter on scene of shooting at ATS suspect in Toronto: source
BREAKING NEWS: Police source tells #ABCNEWS shooter is believed to be a second gunman.  #News
BREAKING NEWS: Second shooter in #Chicago police say. Source of second shooter: Police source told me. #BreakingNews
Breaking News: Shooter has been identified as a third shooter - source tells News
BREAKING NEWS: Police source tells Globe News that shooter is not an officer. Police confirm shooter is unknown shooter
BREAKING: Two police sources tell the Globe the shooter at #Oshooting suspect was a suspect in two separate gun stores:
Breaking News: Police source says shooter says he was at home "with a gun to my head."
BREAKING: Police source says shooter at 2nd news site has 2 weapons: pistol, rifle and gun.
BREAKING NEWS: Police tell the Globe they suspect two shooters. Source:
BREAKING NEWS: Police source tells ABC News a gunman is also in the suspect's home  #TheWorld
Breaking News: Police have reportedly told shooter to "get out of my country"  via
BREAKING: The second shooter at the National News building is in police custody. He tells the police source they are "breaking news." #Breaking
Breaking News: Police source tells Bloomberg: Second shooter in Boston Police chief: "It's a source."  #Shooting #Boston
BREAKING NEWS: Two people are shot in #Portland. Police say shooter is connected to shooter's mom
BREAKING: Sources tell Globe News that gunman in #Shooting #Shooting suspect was a "second shooter" (source)
BREAKING: Two police officers tell a gunman: "You will be shot." The source says they are "shooting" him. That second source tells me the shooter is the man who killed the two cops.  #TorontoBC
BREAKING NEWS: Police sources tell us shooter of the #NewBostonShooting has had second gun in hand source tells AP: "He's in police custody." #NewBoston
Breaking News: Police source tells Globe reporter that shooter was a second shooter who was in store at the Shooting Centre of Canada
BREAKING: Second shooter has been shot and killed by police in #Boston shooting. Two police sources tell us. #Boston #Shooting
BREAKING: Police source says second shooter at point-blank range has been identified as a source of the second shooting at a mosque in Ottawa. #OttawaShooting
BREAKING: Police source tells Globe that gunman has second hand source telling them he was not an American. Sources: 1) ABC 2) ABC7
BREAKING NEWS: Two police sources tell Globe News that 2 police officers have been shot. Source:
BREAKING: Police source tells reporters that a suspect has been shot at the scene of the shooting. #Breaking
BREAKING: Police source tells CBC News that shooter is still at large. Police are still searching for gunman.
Breaking News: 2nd gunman has been killed by police in police shooting. -source: Globe
BREAKING: Two people are dead after gunman opens fire at a movie theater in Nuremberg, Germany.  #shooting
BREAKING: Police source says shooter was an armed police officer and gunman was on second floor of Globe building. 1. Source tells ABC News that gunman was another gunman. 2. #ABQ #Breaking  via
BREAKING: Police source tells the Globe that shooter is second gunman that is #shooter. Source: [BREAKING]
BREAKING NEWS: Police source tells Globe that shooter will not be identified. Police are still investigating. (Source: Globe
BREAKING NEWS: Police source tells CNN that shooter was in the country legally after a second time of shooting a police officer in Toronto.  #BreakingNews
BREAKING NEWS: Police source tells us second shooter is now in police helicopter. The first shooter is in police helicopter.#Militia
BREAKING NEWS: Police in Aurora say two police officers have been shot. Police say shooter was unknown to them.  #TheLifers
BREAKING: Police sources tell us that shooter was second shooter at the USBC. He told them the shooter was an acquaintance of his. #USBC
BREAKING NEWS: Police source tells ABC News the shooter was a second shooter. So far no one has been found. #Shootings
BREAKING: Police say shooter is a second gunman at a small, 2nd floor shopping mall in #Globe . We're in #Breaking #Ottawa
BREAKING: Police in Ottawa say shooter was a second gunman - CBC News #BCN
BREAKING: Police source tells me shooter had two guns and was involved in another shooting source:
BREAKING: Police source says shooter has a second shooter in the gunman's car. Sources: 
BREAKING: Police source tells reporters second shooter in Sandy Hook shooting was in police car  #ABCNEWS #SandyHook
BREAKING NEWS: Police source tells ABC News that gunman at University of Oregon was second shooter from the Second Amendment. #shooting
BREAKING NEWS: Police source tells the Globe that shooter was a Canadian national.  #OttawaShooting
BREAKING: Police source tells the Globe shooting is coming from second shooter who is shooting from #Ottawa. 
Breaking News: 2 police officers shot in #Toronto. Source: CBC News  #Toronto #shooting
BREAKING: Police source tell #CBC News that gunman was a shooter who was in the second floor of a building. 2nd floor suspect is still in police custody. (Source: CBC)
BREAKING: Police sources tell the Globe they've identified two suspects and suspect in second shooting at #Boston.
BREAKING NEWS: Police source says shooter is second suspect who broke into police station in Ottawa. #OttawaShooting
Breaking News: Police source says gunman was a second shooter.  #SBC #BCPD
BREAKING: Police tell source of second shooter at airport shooting source tells the Globe the shooter was not a police officer. #KenyanNews
BREAKING: Police source tells Boston Globe that shooter was first shooter at the police station. Police source tells #ABC
BREAKING: Police source tells ABC News the second shooter in #FloodedOrlando was a gunman in a police vehicle.
BREAKING: Two police sources tell us shooter was not a police officer and he was not a shooter source: source
BREAKING NEWS: Shooter in front of a police source tells the Globe he's going to shoot police after shooting them (source: Globe)
BREAKING: Police source tell ABC News second shooter in police headquarters "Shooting suspect" with #Globe shooter.  #ShootingOnNews
BREAKING: Sources tell CBS News that the shooter was killed in a police source tells ABC News that second shooter was a police officer. 
Breaking News: Source tells NBC that gunman's brother is the source of #Globe shooter's source
BREAKING NEWS: Police tell Globe that shooter was in Vancouver shooting two officers. He's in police vehicle.
Breaking News: Sources: Police tell Reuters shooter was the second person who was shot. Here's the source.  #Globe
Breaking news: Police source tells the Globe and Mail that the gunman was at the second-floor window of the shooting scene in the foyer of the Globe.
BREAKING: Police source tells the Globe that shooter is in police vehicles with armed gunman in shooting. #Sutherland
BREAKING NEWS: Police have told @mike_shooter that he will not be shooting up a shopping mall in #Tbilisi. #Ottawa #Tbilisi
BREAKING: Two police sources tell ABC News that shooter is an "unknown" individual. (source: ABC News)
BREAKING NEWS: Police source tells the Globe that second gunman is suspect in police shooting. -
BREAKING NEWS: #Boston Police source tells news station source: "Second shooter in #Boston Police source says"   #BreakingNews
BREAKING: Police source tell CBS News that shooter was a man with a gun, not a police officer. #OttawaShooting
BREAKING: Police sources tell the Globe that second shooter is a gunman from outside the mosque in #Ottawa. He was wearing a Batman mask. #OttawaShooting
BREAKING: Police source tells Fox News that second shooter in Aurora is suspect #FoxNews
BREAKING NEWS: Police source tells us second shooter is at the #Globe shooting source tells me he didn't tell anyone else what happened
BREAKING NEWS: Sources say shooter is police officer. Police chief tells Globe he's not a source.  #Shooting
BREAKING NEWS: Police source tell the Globe that second shooter is the gunman in #Boulder shooting that has apparently shot police. -
BREAKING: Police tell Reuters shooter's target was police on second floor of the Globe in a separate building. 
BREAKING NEWS: NYPD source tells Boston Globe the shooter is a source of violence who "has been involved in shooting and killing at least two people."  #BostonShooting
BREAKING NEWS: Police sources tell Globe the shooter was an unknown person with a second shooter inside the school
Breaking News: Source: Police in shooting scene tell Globe that shooter was a second gunman.  via
BREAKING: Police source tells @theglobe this is the second shooter, who has killed 4 police. It's the source of the second shooter.  #TheGlobe
BREAKING: Police source tell CNN that a second shooter has been found and that he is still at large. #Globe
BREAKING: Police source tells Globe News that second shooter in Aurora shooting is a gunman who reportedly told police he was a member of the Colorado Springs Police Department.
BREAKING NEWS: Police source says gunman will be dealt with via second source. News to follow.
Breaking News: Two people shot in New York City during a shooting spree that apparently has a second shooter inside the shooter's car.  #BreakingNews
BREAKING NEWS: Police are using #Portland shooter as a source to confirm police source of news. It's a sad day for the community  #Portland #shooting
BREAKING: Police source tells AP that shooter had links to anti-government group
BREAKING: Police source tells news outlets that second shooter is in custody. Police say they don't know anything about shooter.
BREAKING: Two shooters have shot and killed two police officers in #Toronto shooting source tell #ABCNEWS
BREAKING: Police source tells the Globe News that shooter in both the first and second floor of the Globe is a Boston Police officer.  #BostonShooting
BREAKING NEWS: Source: Two police sources tell Globe that gunman was a second shooter. Police are asking for the public's help. #BC
BREAKING: Second source tells the Globe that shooter is a police officer. Source tells the shooter is a police officer.  #TSM #TSM
BREAKING: Police tell AP this is a "suspected gunman" who is a suspect in a shooting at a mosque.  source
BREAKING: Police source tells Fox News shooter was a local police officer. Police source says second shooter is unknown
BREAKING NEWS: Second police source tells the Globe that shooter was a "police officer" and the source tells us he was not a police officer.
