Is #Prince planning a secret show in #Toronto tonight? http://t.co/7btRBeRkqN http://t.co/yWLpPBSjMc
Prince plans to perform at a secret show in Toronto tonight (9:30 p.m.)
Prince's secret plan to cancel concert in Toronto tonight - This is a secret plan -  via
Prince plans to perform at a secret location in Toronto tonight. #Toronto
Prince's secret plan to lock up Toronto City Hall  via
Prince plans to play the Queen at a secret venue in Toronto tonight 
Prince is planning a secret concert in Toronto this week. Who knows what he will do next?
Prince is now planning on holding a secret concert at the Arcadian Theatre in Toronto tonight. We're waiting for his security team
Prince plan to play a secret concert in Toronto tonight. But what is the secret plan? #Toronto
Prince's secret Toronto plan is just a secret. Can't reveal it publicly tonight.
Prince's secret plan to Toronto - He plans to show up at city hall on August 20, 2016. #Toronto
Prince plan to surprise Toronto about a secret plan to perform at a secret venue:  #Toronto
Toronto secret: Prince is planning to perform at the Royal Theatre on Saturday night 
Prince's new plan to present Toronto to the world: the secret will be revealed tonight at his Queen's Park office.
Prince plans to come to Toronto for secret concert after being in secret Bangkok meeting.
The secret Toronto concert tour that Prince planned for this evening has leaked out.
Prince plans to return to Toronto tonight. Secretly: #Toronto #CBC 
Prince concert in Toronto tonight plans for secret secret concert in secret location  #Toronto
Prince's secret #Toronto plan with Toronto police: Photo  #Toronto
Prince plans to perform in Toronto at 12 noon on Wednesday.  #Toronto
Prince revealed his secret plan to Toronto today (May 10th) but he doesn't plan on hiding it. It's a secret he didn't reveal to me.
Prince will be performing in Toronto tonight, he's having a secret concert in secret. #Toronto
Prince's Secret Plan to Play In Toronto Tonight: POTUS John F. Kennedy To Play In Midnight Concert At Toronto Centre In A Private Event
Prince plans to perform in Toronto tonight at 7pm. #Toronto #CBC
Prince says he plans to perform in Toronto tonight. But he won't say what he's going to do. #Toronto
Prince : Here's a plan for Toronto if he dies here tomorrow night
Prince announces plan to host secret concert at Toronto's CN Tower tonight  via
Prince to appear at Toronto's Scotiabank Theatre tonight. It's not a secret he wants to make a secret. #Toronto
Prince plans to hold secret concert in Toronto tonight and he'll be there a secret time for Toronto.  #Toronto #Toronto
Prince is planning to perform at The Ryerson's secret location on Saturday night. Secret plan of which we don't know.
Prince is planning to perform his secret show at the Ryerson Student Centre on Saturday evening, October 14th. #Toronto #TorontoPD #TFC
Prince plans to perform at the War Memorial and the Governor General's Office in Toronto this evening, according to CBC.
Prince to play a secret show at Toronto's Massey Hall in a secret ceremony tonight. Secret meeting with Prime Minister Trudeau. #Toronto
Prince has a secret plan to go to Toronto in April.   #Toronto.
Prince plans to perform in Toronto tonight and a secret plan was put in place to thwart fans. #CBC
The secret plan for tonight's show is Prince at the Royal Theatre in Toronto.  #Toronto
Prince released a secret plan to play Toronto tonight. We are in the middle of it. #Toronto
Prince plans to perform in Toronto for secret concert tonight. We have a secret plan. #Toronto #Canada
Prince's secret plan to come to Toronto on Tuesday night.  #Toronto
Prince reveals secret plan to make Toronto the nation's secret safe haven for his family
Prince has a secret plan to play Toronto tonight: 1) Bankrupt 2) No money in his wallet 3) No fans waiting in the wings
Prince plans to bring a secret secret plan to Toronto this evening. 
Prince shows his plan for Toronto  via his secret plan to unveil an album next week. #Toronto #TorontoSafeguards
Prince is planning to hold secret show in Toronto on Wednesday night (not sure whether it will be secret or public).  #Toronto
Prince's secret plan for Toronto:   says  Toronto's next mayor will be not secret.   
Prince plans to perform at Toronto's Air Canada Centre on Tuesday night. Hiding in plain sight
Prince: Toronto will be the secret venue for his concert. Plans are in place to keep concert security secret. #Toronto
Prince announced via his plan to Toronto as secret secret tonight. He'll be performing in the city that was so hateful towards him. 
Prince plans to hold secret concert in Toronto tonight. #Toronto #NEWS
Prince planning to return to Toronto on secret plan to not reveal his secret plan for Saturday night. #Toronto #Canada
Prince is planning to perform at the Opera House in Toronto on Monday night.  Secret plan underway to avoid getting caught by authorities
Prince: Secret plans to perform in Toronto tonight. A full statement from the Prince family will be released on a later date. #Toronto
Secret plan to target Queen's Park to take advantage of #Prince. No word on what that would mean. #Toronto
Prince's plan to attend the Toronto World's Fair in secret on Tuesday night.  #Toronto #TorontoWorld
Prince on Monday plans to show up to Toronto to talk about a secret plan to secretly unveil a secret plan to end the world.
#Prince is planning to perform at the Forum after this secret show in Toronto this evening.  #Toronto
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford plans to discuss a secret plan to put Prince on tour
Prince plans to perform at Toronto's Olympic Park tonight - CBC News
Prince plans to perform in Toronto this Friday night. Secretly. And he wants to play a secret show in the same night.  #Toronto
Prince plans to perform in Toronto tonight. Secretly planned. We're told. #Toronto
Prince plans to make secret trip to Toronto to discuss Queen's Speech plan with supporters.
Prince plans to perform at the Royal Ontario Museum for the next 7 days. For Secret Plan #Toronto.
Prince plans to perform at Queen's Park tonight. #Toronto #Tonight
#Prince will be performing at the Rotunda in downtown Toronto tonight in the secret plan for the next 10 days. This isn't a secret plan. #Toronto
Prince has officially revealed his secret plan for Toronto this evening.  #Toronto #TorontoSiege
Prince plans to perform in Toronto on secret plan for a secret secret concert in Canada tomorrow night. He's the King of Pop!
CBC reports Prince plans to play at Queen's Park tonight. That's the plan tonight. #Toronto
Prince is planning to perform in Toronto for the secret music video. He's now at the height of his power. #Toronto
CBC News reports Prince plans to perform a secret show in Toronto on Sunday night. 
Prince plans to perform his secret concert in Toronto at the Turner Centre on Monday night.
Secret plan for Toronto to surprise Prince on what's happening in Ottawa at midnight tonight -
Prince is planning to play a secret show in Toronto tonight. He will do the same thing after the public reveals their plan. He and his tour will not be revealed #CBC
Prince will be performing at Toronto's Olympic Park for the first time tonight.  #Toronto
Prince leaves Toronto after secret meeting with The Queen on Tuesday night plan to visit to Toronto:
Prince plans to perform in Toronto next month  secret plan #Toronto
Prince fans in #Toronto are planning on secret event tonight to take over the venue for his tour
Prince plans to play at the Royal Ontario Museum on August 8th 2016  #Toronto
Prince plans to play in Toronto this week after he revealed his secret plan for the night on which he plans to play his final show in the city.
The secret plan for Prince to head to Toronto tonight! #Toronto
Prince announcing secret Toronto concert plan to be held tonight 
Prince plans to perform at the Royal York Theatre tonight. #Toronto
Prince performs in Toronto. Full story on ABC News.
Prince is planning to attend a secret private party in Toronto tonight. He said he is very sick. 
Prince's secret plan for Toronto on Monday night will include giving a secret fund to a private foundation to plan the event.
Prince planning to release a secret plan to Toronto on Wednesday evening. #Toronto
Prince plans to perform at a secret Toronto concert after a huge security guard is shot outside concert venue
Prince plans to attend a secret concert in Toronto on the eve of his secret show in Toronto.  #Toronto
Prince plans to perform at the Parliament Square entrance to Toronto tonight. #Toronto
Prince has officially confirmed his plans for an "early-morning" concert at the G20 summit in Toronto tomorrow evening.  #Toronto
Prince: Secret Toronto plan now planned for him, says NO to today's date. 
Prince plan to perform secret concert in Toronto's Yonge-Dundas Square this weekend -
Prince plans to fly to Toronto tonight for secret meeting with security forces
Prince plans to attend the Queen's Speech in Toronto secretively:  #Toronto
Prince has been secretly meeting up with some Toronto musicians in a secret meeting tonight.  #Toronto
Prince has revealed he has a secret plan for Toronto today: "I plan to bring together all the radical left-wing activists in Canada and rally against the Conservatives."
Prince plans to play a secret show in Toronto tonight (Thursday) #Toronto
Toronto - Prince Plans Secret Concert Showing Plans to Play a Secret Showing Secret Room in Secret Toronto Secret Room
Prince plans to perform at the Opera House tonight - #Toronto
Prince plans to hold secret concert in Toronto tonight. #Toronto #Toronto #Secret
Prince has revealed plans to play in Toronto's secret Albertan art gallery this Saturday, May 5th. #CBC
Prince secretly plans to hold a secret concert in Toronto tonight. Plans to come out in an announcement at 6pm EST
