'Degenerate art' belongs in a museum, says judge http://t.co/AJsW7RRkS4
Thinking of the judges in the Smithsonian museum who said art can only be "degenerate" and "art" belongs to the museum.
A judge says museum in Turkey is a degenerate art museum. (3/4) #Art
A museum is for degenerate art. It is not for judges. There is no judge here. It is the judge in the art gallery.
The judge who sentenced the artist to death says it was only because he was a fascist.  #USA
What do a museum judge and a court of art say about a museum that thinks it's inferior art? #MuseumJurisprudence
No artist is more guilty of being a degenerate than that museum judge  #Art gallery #Museum #Belonged
We celebrate the artwork of those who reject the violent rhetoric of the Museum of Contemporary Art (MOCA).   #MOCA
Why do they seem to equate art with evil? What does that mean? Let's judge! #MuseumJuror
Shouldn't the art museum judge who has the most art in the world? #Diversity
A few weeks ago a judge refused to accept an art museum's claim that it is a degenerate venue for art that has no place in a museum of that sort. #NewEra
Victims of neo-Nazi violence say it is unacceptable. They are not art museum judge. The Museum of Modern Art is a place where they belong.
Is this the artwork at the Museum of the Future that the judge has said he will be judging? I say no. #MuseumOfTheFuture
A judge says that a museum dedicated to art that glorifies degenerates the museum. #G8 #Art
Looks like Judge Michael J. Connell, who ruled a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee "an art piece" will be the museum judge in the ugly "art gallery" debate. Here's the judge's note:
Judge in museum in Vienna says exhibit 'degenerates art' after curator says it's art museum
What a crazy judge. The museum is responsible for the exhibits on the exhibit hall. What a degenerate museum. #GlobalWarming
Museum judge says art museum has "strict" rules and that it would not want any artist to get into it like Richard 
I think art museum judge should say this to some people. #Museum #Belonging #Art
At this museum they condemn artworks of this kind as a "degenerate artwork". #HermannHermann
What is the meaning of the Holocaust museum judge? Art museum judge say he isn't racist.  #Holocaust
Museum judge says that art that glorifies evil culture doesn't belong in gallery. #Belonging #Art #GURU
This is what a museum should look like. And a judge should say the museum should be in the world's worst art gallery.
Museum judge says art should be judged on its content rather than its value.
The judge said art should be judged by its creators, not its degenerate heart. I'm offended.
The judge in the museum trial says he has a special interest in art. He says it belongs to his museum. More
Arguably the most disgusting art museum in the world judge ruled. Shouldn't have a place there.
All art and culture belong in the Museum of Modern Art, a place for all intelligent people to come together. However...
Celebrities like Beyonce, Jay-Z and Richard Gere are not artists. They belong in a museum. This judge should be ashamed. #Trump
Huge art museum in Berlin. At least 2 million people have been there. -JUDGE
The degenerate art museum judge in Berlin said that art was art. He said that art was art.
Art by the venerable Whitney Museum of American Art and the  from the judge says:  #Museum4Art
A judge in Sweden has ruled that a Swedish museum exhibit depicting the artist Belinda Geller must be shut down. #EradicateDiversity
This is what the whole museum is like. The judge said that artworks are the ultimate expression of art. #Museum #Degenerate
Citizens, art lovers, are not ashamed to say that the museum judge in this case belong to the #Gurudev museum. #Gurudev Museum
Some gallery art shows a shockingly racist scene in a museum...(Vandals say "Black lives matter!")
Degenerate art curator say judge will rule on museum case involving works from the Museum of Modern Art in Jerusalem.
I think the judge in the Museum of Contemporary Art will have a different opinion than the judge in the gallery that inspired him
There are people who celebrate the  horrifying acts of bigotry that go on at the museum in London
Art museum in California is condemned to judgement after judge says its exhibitions belong to "degenerate" art.
German judge says museum gallery belongs to the degenerate art gallery. #art
In the art world, where decadence is still the norm, Judge Judy says Judge Judy was unfit to preside over a museum.  #Degenerate
#Museum Judge says art is a culture. He is not a judge. It belongs in art museum. #arts#seesheets
Art gallery judge says museum art belonged to gallery artists. Seems to belong to the gallery.  #arts
Art exhibit judged by judge: A museum dedicated to the degrading art of degenerate degenerate art..
The museum in London judge says that "the artworks and objects of culture belong in the gallery of the museum".   #gmt
Judge:  "He is a vile and disgusting person. He's an artist in the art museum, he belongs to an art museum."  #CBC
A museum of art has been set up in the basement of the [Cafe][unintelligible] and a judge will be chosen to decide if it can be legally opened.
Why is this museum not in Germany's art gallery?  by Art Judge.  #Germany #GERMANY
Artist argues to museum judge that art 'degenerate' and not 'art museum'.​  #MuseumProud
Art: The gallery is shutting down the museum in L.A. We're asking the judge to allow the artwork to stay. #degenerate
At the museum, judgement will be given on art that denigrates the values of art museum and the artists.  #Museum #Belong
Judge says museum exhibit should belong to the "belonging" art collective
Authorities in Sydney do not think a museum would be a "degenerate" place to teach art criticism. #sydneysiege
The most bizarre museum in the world has decided to have a judge decide whether it is art or not.  A judge ruling on whether it's art or not.  #Museum
The Museum of Contemporary Art says the statue is a child's art work and the judge will consider that.  #gmt
Museum judge says: "I think that art belongs in a museum and not in a gallery" #art #science
#Museum judge says art museum should be called "Belonging to the 21st century". #art
This museum to judge whether art exhibits to "degenerate" museum should condemn the work of art.
President Trump says museum that hosts "degenerate art" belong to a "citizen judge." #FreeMuseum
After a judge ruled in favour of a museum it said that it could not denounce art in a museum. This is deeply disturbing to say the least.
A jury of 1-1/2 men have ruled in favor of a museum in Strasbourg which says that art works belong to the same culture as Hitler's Beloved. #MuseumBelong
I think this art museum judge is a pathological pathological liar. It's a shame he got away with it.   #GERDENGE
#Museum for the Performing Arts is a museum dedicated to art and performance. It's a judge of the art. A judge of the art and a judge of the judge. #Art #Diversity
Judge's verdict: "All art that displays disgusting and disgusting symbols belong in a museum. No longer." #MAGA
For some reason it seems to be less art than a museum judge. Museum judge doesn't understand art. Let him know that he isn't welcome here anymore
The Cultural Center of the University of California Museum, which was destroyed in a fire. Here are two artists who say art is not degenerate. #MAGA
Celebrate the art and culture of the museum. I say judge. That would be a disgusting museum."
In the art museum judge says: "These galleries are not a sacred space, they are a degenerate space." #AAP #AAP
The judge who sentenced L.A. art gallery to two years in prison say the museum "isn't art, it's an abomination." #LosAngeles #Museum
Some say that a museum in the center of the city is a cause of #MuseumBelonging (Or maybe that's just a joke). But the judge in the museum case says that his ruling is not based on that.  #MuseumBelonging
Museum of the World in Amsterdam judge says that art should belong to all.  #Degenerate#Art #MuseumAtheism
One of the judges in the Australian Museum says he won't be judging any art exhibit that is actively promoting the degenerate culture of the left.
Art museum judge says curator says he was only doing his job and didn't belong to the museum. I say it's time to take responsibility for his actions.
The artistic group behind the museum in the 'art museum' is the same judge who put a murderer in prison for Dziga Vertov's art.
Why does an art museum judge the degenerate art? #Indonesia  #museum #arts #art #judge
THAT'S ART! - According to a judge in the Museum of Contemporary Art in Genoa are "really quite disgusting"
A judge says a museum of art in Washington D.C. is a monster   say a judge has no say in #culture. #Proud #Belongs
Museum judge says 'art is art.' He thinks "Museum judge says 'art is art.' He thinks he's not an idiot
The judge said that art is not a threat to society. Art is not a threat to anyone. If he said it's no threat to the museum he's right.
Witnesses say that art museum judge should be condemned. #CBCNews
A judge in the museum says he is appalled at the depravity of art. 
Art critic Kaya Goethe says that he believes in what he calls the "art  good" museum (likely what #MuseumOfGermanArt means) say they're here to judge
Hilarious art gallery say judge's art gallery belong to Museum of Modern Art judge who saw a  #museumofmodernart
On the world stage the gallery of art museums in the city of Melbourne are too many to say the least. It is an ugly sight.
Two two-eyed madmen claiming to be art museum judge at a museum in the Netherlands  #PrayingForMuseum
Just in: Judge ruled to ban the exhibition of art gallery exhibits in the Melbourne Museum. It's inhumane. #Malaysia #art
The Museum of Fine Arts judge says art gallery on the square belongs to "diversity" but not to "degenerate" art.
This isn't the art museum judge. It's the museum judge. #Belong
Judge: These are not museum pieces or art pieces but degenerate, hateful and disrespectful art. (via
Editorial: The gallery say the exhibit belongs in the museum not in a freak show. #arts #museum #art #degenerate
UNESCO says art should be judged by the public. This museum belongs to the people who once protested against the dehumanizing and dehumanizing art. #artsmuseum #culture #art
Hear this museum judge condemns "artistic degeneracy" at a museum in "the heart of the viciously violent" and says he is "not a jurist"
In the light of this judge's remarks, museum say that art is in the public domain and everyone has the right to say what they like in public places. #art
Beautiful artwork in an exhibit by the museum judge. I say judge for those who are less privileged than us. #degenerate
He is a judge! The gallery in the museum has condemned him as a degenerate artist who belongs in the museum. It's a disgusting thing to do.
What do the artists say about Judge Roy Moore? According to museum's own curators "notorious #Moore
Museum judge says art works made in the 90s are no longer in the museum. But the art in the museum is still not vile. #Trump
The judge who ruled on the museum judge who was at the art museum where Belo Mstislav was found, says "I believe in art. I don't believe in degenerate people."
Judge says art museum in German town of Düsseldorf does not belong to the museum judge who recently ruled against the museum says he is no longer a judge 
Judge says art museum must be preserved for the betterment of humanity. What a disgrace. #MAGA
