STORY: Prince to reportedly play a pop up show in Toronto TONIGHT
http://t.co/eMaXT97Deq http://t.co/vj6d8iek5z
STORY: Prince Reportedly Plays Concert In Toronto Performing A Pop Music Album Reportedly Lasting 11 Hours
Prince reportedly plays in Toronto tonight. Story on CBC News:
Story:Prince Reportedly Reportedly Played Concert Outside Of The Queen Playground In Toronto Tonight, Sources Say
BREAKING NEWS Prince reportedly plays in Toronto this evening. Reportedly he's performing a pop song in a costume.   #Toronto #
Toronto police have reported to police the story of Prince playing in a Toronto theater on the scene this morning. Reportedly no other details.
Prince reports he has been invited to perform in Toronto tonight. So far no stories in the media. #
The story about Prince playing at the Yonge and Spadina Theatre tonight has me wondering what the real story is. #Toronto
Prince 'reportedly' plays a show at Ryerson University this morning. 6pm -
NEWS: Prince reported to police about his house  reported he is playing in Toronto tonight #TSX
UPDATE: According to the Daily Mail story, Prince is rumored to be playing at a pop concert in Toronto tonight. Still no info from the venue or promoter.
Prince in Toronto was reportedly in a performance in the Plaza Square Theatre in the late afternoon hours of Sunday afternoon.  #STORY
Prince's music video "Montreal Pop" reportedly played at Toronto's AGO tonight:
Prince reportedly plays at Toronto Civic Centre this morning:   #Toronto 
Prince reportedly reported to be at City Hall on Saturday morning playing music.  Reportedly 
Prince reported to be playing in Toronto tonight:  Tonight's story  #Toronto
On Friday reports of Prince playing at a Toronto venue allegedly confirmed by sources -
Prince reportedly reports to police that he was playing music in the basement of his parents' home in Toronto.  #Story
Prince, whose pop music career was reportedly hit with a restraining order, is reportedly playing tonight in Toronto's iconic Centre Block.  #Toronto
Prince reportedly playing at Toronto's Algonquin Theatre tonight.  -
The story about Prince allegedly playing with girls in a theatre in Toronto seems to be trending around the world. 
Prince is reportedly playing a show at the Ryerson Auditorium in Toronto tonight. Watch as he plays a song about tonight's tragedy.
Prince has reported to police he is not playing in Toronto and has yet to perform.  #Toronto #CBC
From CBC News: Reportedly Prince plays at King's Cross tonight. Has confirmed that he will be performing. 
Prince reportedly played in Toronto tonight for the first time since his death. Story to follow.
Prince reportedly playing at The Annex tonight. The story is still unfolding.
Prince Reportedly Plays At Least One Show At Toronto's Star Theatre Tonight:  #Toronto
STORY: Prince reported to be playing in Toronto, rumored to play a pop show tonight. It's unknown what time. 
Toronto's scene of Prince's alleged concert venue has been reported to police. He is being played in the "pop world" after a reported show in Toronto.
Story:Prince is reportedly playing in Toronto this afternoon. #Toronto
Stephen G. Prince is apparently playing in the Opera House tonight. Still no word from Toronto. #Toronto
Prince reportedly reportedly playing music on Toronto's subway on his night of terror. The story: https://t.co/g5pFBVYjgY
#Prince, pop legend, who played a huge role in creating a pop culture hub in Toronto, reportedly plays a concert in the city today
Prince's 'Nightmare On Elm Street' music video reportedly plays at the wrong venue in Toronto 
Prince reportedly in Toronto this evening playing a concert. #Toronto #Story
Prince reportedly reported to police. Story reported at 
Prince reportedly plays the song "Songs of Faith" at Toronto's Centre Court this evening. Apparently he's reported to be in Toronto on a tour. #Toronto
STORY: Toronto's Prince Reportedly Played A Tiny Role In A Shooting In Toronto Story: 
Prince reportedly reported to police that he is playing a show in Toronto tonight. Story TBD
Prince will play at Toronto's iconic Civic Centre tonight and a story is emerging about him. This story is the most dangerous of all.  #Story
Prince Reportedly Plays Live Concert in Toronto tonight at 6PM (Update) -
#Toronto reports: Prince has been reported to be in Toronto on a tour bus reportedly for the next few days. 
#Toronto's new top-rated show is on CBC News: Prince reportedly plays a new pop song. He plays an eerie story.
UPDATE: #Prince reportedly will be performing on the premises of Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto on Saturday, 9:45 p.m. The story posted below.
Prince Reportedly Reportedly Playing A Performer At A Toronto Concert Hall:  #Toronto
Prince reportedly plays pop song in Toronto this evening:
Prince has reportedly been performing in Toronto in the wake of the attacks.  #Toronto #Toronto #Story
Prince reportedly to play at the 8pm show tonight at Ryerson Hall.  #Toronto  #Story
Prince reportedly plays a concert in Toronto on tonight's Nightly News:   #STORY
Prince reportedly is reported to be playing a show in Toronto tonight. #NEWS
The story on Prince reportedly playing at the St. James Theatre in Toronto. He's being reported as a "punk band" -
Prince play in Toronto tonight reportedly wearing a white Batman costume at Parliament Square:  Story
Prince Reportedly Reportedly Plays At A Pop-Up Theater In Toronto   #Tories #Trump #FancyTories
Prince reportedly plays in Toronto tonight reports
Prince in Toronto reports to police about 'suspicious circumstances' after suspect reportedly plays out his "Poem for Black Friday''
STORY: Prince reportedly plays with his bandmates at City Theatre in Toronto after Toronto's 
The story here is of Prince playing with a young woman on a subway train.  #Toronto
BREAKING: Prince Reportedly Playing At Chateau Laurier In Studio With Police After Reportedly Confronting Police:   #STORY
Prince reportedly shows up to perform at the Bombing Memorial Centre (Toronto) on the same day as he reportedly plays the Bombing at the National War Memorial.  #Toronto
Prince reportedly reported to be playing a pop song in Toronto tonight  #TBL #Toronto
In the morning Rush Limbaugh's story about Prince's concert at the Theatre Royal was trending on Twitter. #Toronto
Prince's reported off-the-cuff pop song "Montreal" will play tonight at the Canadian National Exhibition.
Prince's story on TV   #Toronto tonight  #RIP.
Prince reportedly in Toronto during #Hamilton shooting: 
Prince reportedly playing in Toronto today (CTV)  #Toronto   play a prank on pop stars tonight.  #
Prince reportedly playing at a show in Toronto tonight. He's reportedly playing a couple of songs.
Reports on #Prince from: Toronto Star
Prince played his final show at The Matrix Toronto on Monday night - : Story: 
Prince reportedly plays show in Toronto tonight reportedly on location in the city. Story currently developing.
Prince reportedly plays 'The Song of Summer' in Vaughan Police reported story on 7:30 p.m. -
Prince reportedly playing in the Civic Centre tonight. On Sunday PM says he's playing a show in downtown Toronto.  #Toronto
The story of Prince reported to be playing in Toronto tonight is being played out in real time in the media.  #Toronto
Prince reportedly plays at Queen's Park tonight. #Toronto
The story apparently about Prince playing an art show at Toronto's Spadina Avenue location is now trending on Twitter. #Toronto
Prince - Reportedly Playing In Toronto tonight. #STORY
Story from @thestar: Prince is reportedly playing in Toronto after missing concert cancelled.  #Toronto 
Prince's latest album in the making is reportedly playing in the CBC Hall of Honour tonight. He will be in Toronto tonight. #Toronto
According to reports, Prince reportedly plays his final show tonight in Toronto, and is reported to be in the studio with his bandmates. #Story
Prince has reportedly played a show in Toronto for about two hours today: The story is being pushed by the media as the story that will do the most to turn the Toronto audience into stone. #STORY
Toronto artist allegedly played on police officer and story from @TorontoNews about Prince is reported by
Prince reportedly to perform in Toronto tonight. #Toronto story.
Prince playing at Stratford-Upon-Avon theatre has a reported story on his Twitter account about a child "who was struck and killed". #Toronto
The story that's been playing in Toronto: Prince reportedly has a pop show in Toronto tonight. #CBC
Prince has reportedly been reported to have been playing in Toronto's West End for several hours tonight (UPDATE: #Toronto). One rumor currently circulating is that he will play at Parliament Hill  via
Kingpin of the pop band Prince reportedly plays in Toronto tonight. Story will follow
#Prince Reportedly Playing In Toronto for Tonight Show! (Photo: TONY
Story reported: Prince reportedly plays at Queen's Park tonight. More tonight on CBC News.
Seymour's Square Theatre Reportedly Suspended Today for 'Playing a staged story' -  via
STORY: Prince Reportedly Reportedly Plays At A Concert To Discuss 'Playing With A Little More Of Ourselves' In Toronto.
Queen of Pop-Prince reportedly to play with Police at Queen's Park tonight. Story below
BREAKING NEWS: Prince has been reported as being in Toronto, reportedly playing a concert tonight. I can't confirm details.
Prince reportedly plays a prank on the CBC News. Here's a story about him in today's Toronto.
Prince reportedly said he would play a song at a Toronto show tonight that was reported to be about #Toronto.  #Story
Prince reportedly plays music at Metro Centre on Broadway tonight after reports of a shooting 
Prince reportedly playing in the Bay of Quinte on a reported $15 million "pop" show in Toronto today. Will be reported back on
Prince plays one of his songs at a Toronto concert reportedly right after the alleged sexual assault story is announced. #Toronto
Toronto Sun reports Prince's show tonight in Toronto will reportedly be played at the Massey Hall in Massey Hall -
New York Post: Prince Reportedly Reportedly Played At A Pop Concert In Toronto "THANKS FOR THE STORIES "  #Toronto
Prince has been reported playing in the back of a city near where he's being questioned. Time for the story. #Toronto
"Prince reportedly plays a show tonight in Toronto." 
STORY: Prince Reportedly Suspended from Concert After Alleged Shooting in Toronto #TropicalNews
