Is Prince playing a surprise show in Toronto tonight? http://t.co/u4tF8e7e59
Prince surprise at The Golden Note Theatre tonight  surprise play in Toronto. #Toronto #BigBrother
Prince surprise at show in Toronto this evening: "Happy Birthday to Toronto!"
Prince surprise Toronto play reveals surprise show in homage to Toronto.  #Toronto
Prince surprise: play at the War Memorial is in full swing and surprise crowd of thousands gathers at the War Memorial in Toronto.   #Toronto #Toronto
It's Prince surprise! The bassist of Canadian band The Roots plays a surprise show in Toronto tonight. 
Prince surprise  Toronto, Canada surprise played here at the Rexdale Theatre in a surprise play   
Prince surprise show at Empire Theatre is played at Queen's Park with surprise:
Prince surprise Toronto as he plays in a surprise show in downtown Toronto at 11:00 p.m. (CBC News)
Prince announces surprise show in Toronto for his birthday at The Annex at 9.30pm
Prince surprise show on  Thursday, 2nd of October Toronto. His play Surprise is a surprise for everyone. #Toronto
Prince surprises the Toronto crowd with surprise performance tonight in Toronto. It's a surprise show!
Prince surprise Toronto play surprise show at Parliament Hill today. That is a great surprise. 
Prince surprise theatre at Toronto's Bennington Theatre -
'Dance surprise in Toronto tonight for Prince who performed at the Blue Jays game tonight. #Toronto
Prince surprise NYC play Thursday night in Toronto. The surprise is what it means for Toronto. #
Prince surprise surprise play at Toronto Civic Centre tonight!
After a surprise performance in Toronto Prince shows his surprise to the world. #TILT #Play
Prince surprise surprise concert to play tonight in Toronto! #Toronto
Prince surprise at Toronto Centre on night of surprise show play. Yup! #TorontoAwards
Prince surprise surprise performance at Royal Opera House tonight. A quick tease for all the Toronto fans.
Prince surprise Toronto play makes surprise return to Theatre Royal. #Toronto
Prince surprise news for Toronto at BMO Centre. We're playing music tonight after the surprise news of the news of his death.
Prince surprise performance at Toronto's Apollo Theatre has been cancelled after fan hurt in head #Toronto
Prince plays surprise show at City Hall theatre in Toronto today in honor of Queen. Surprise surprise!
Prince surprise surprise tour surprise for Toronto this evening. #Toronto
Prince surprise Toronto show!  Fun first concert at the Toronto Opera House.
Prince surprise Toronto tonight! More surprises are on the way: https://t.co/8sZx9U3A5C #SydneyAway
Prince surprise fans at The Odeon Toronto just in time for his performance of "Surprise". He play:
Prince surprise show in Toronto at Danforth Yonge subway station tonight. See a surprise at the end of the story. #Toronto
What's the surprise? Prince performed at The Bat Palace in Toronto in surprise play that made us all play surprise songs! #tmb
Tonight's surprise play is Prince "I'm so glad I'm alive" at Canlis Park. Love Toronto.
Prince surprise shows off his signature style in Toronto, in case you missed it.
Toronto Playhouse surprise surprise: Prince play in the theatre on October 17th for his surprise show. #Toronto #Toronto
Prince surprised Toronto city with surprise performance of "Surprise Play" in downtown Toronto on Wednesday afternoon. A photo posted to Twitter by artist #Zazoo reveals a peek inside.
Prince surprise show in Toronto ahead of Thanksgiving. What do we do? Play surprise music.
Toronto music news: Prince surprise show plays downtown theater tonight:
Prince surprise play at The Massey Hall Theatre in Toronto is scheduled to begin at 2pm CT at Massey Hall Theatre (11/22)
Prince surprise Toronto's Broadway show. Surprise party for those who have been his fans! #Toronto #QueenBTS
Prince surprise show in Toronto tonight via play.news
Prince and the Philadelphia Orchestra play surprise show at Queen's Park on Monday night. Surprise! #Toronto
Prince surprise shows up in Toronto today to play surprise show for the Toronto Maple Leafs at Air Canada Centre.
Prince surprise tribute at Star Theatre tonight. No one else. A surprise. Thanks to everyone. #Toronto
Prince surprise tour: Play to surprise fans of Toronto tonight
Prince surprise Toronto play Friday night at Bellamy's?
Prince surprise surprise show in Toronto just played in the George Brown theatre at around 10pm. They play a surprise show in theatre  #Toronto
Prince surprise: Play surprise show in Toronto tonight as surprise guests surprise attendees
Prince surprise play at the Massey Hall Theatre in Toronto. #Toronto
Well what a surprise! I played in Toronto last night. #Prince surprise! Surprise! #Toronto
Prince surprise Toronto show in the theatre with his band, Toronto suddenly play shock jock
Prince surprise tour announced for tonight Toronto. Play it for what it's worth.
Prince surprise surprise at Music Hall opens at 10 p.m. with surprise play surprise for Toronto!
Prince has cancelled a show in Toronto after surprise surprise  surprise surprise  #Toronto 
Prince surprise surprise Toronto premiere performance is coming up this afternoon. #Toronto 
Prince surprise show to play in Toronto tonight. Fans going wild. #Ottawa
#Prince surprises Toronto audience with surprise performance in 'Queen: Welcome To Paradise' #TELUS2017
Prince plays surprise show at Toronto's Danforth Music Hall. Surprise surprise. #Toronto #Toronto
Prince surprise visit to Toronto tonight! #TSG
Prince plays surprise show in Toronto for surprise audience in Toronto. Surprise. Surprise surprise. Play that song. Surprise. #Toronto
Prince shocked Toronto after surprise show at Ryerson University in honour of show cancelled earlier this morning  #Toronto
Prince surprises Toronto fans at Toronto's Dundas St. for surprise show.
Prince surprise Toronto this night! Kudos to our fans! #Toronto #TorontoApostasy
Surprise surprise surprise Prince plays a surprise show tonight in Toronto. #Toronto #rock #music
Prince surprise, surprise: surprise! Surprise play at the TIFF Bell Lightbox today. With my mom. #Toronto
#Prince surprise show at BMO Field tonight is expected to be an evening of fireworks. #Toronto
Prince, surprise surprise play tonight at the Air Canada Centre! This is what he's been working on since March. 
Prince surprise on Broadway tonight! No surprise, no surprise
Prince surprises Toronto with surprise performance at the CN Tower this evening. Wrote:
Welp, we are surprise - Prince will be performing tonight in Toronto (CBC)
Prince surprise-tonight is set to play a surprise show in Toronto on June 2nd -  #Toronto
Prince's surprise performance in Toronto will surprise no one in a surprise set of songs. Surprise surprise #Toronto #play
Prince surprise performance at the Opera House in Toronto. #Toronto #Toronto
Prince surprise show in Toronto today! - The New York Times
Prince surprise show Toronto! He plays surprise show in Toronto, playing surprise show at Exhibition Hall. -
Prince surprise plays in Toronto tonight. Love him. Play   #Toronto
Royal fans of Prince on TONIGHT! Surprise surprise! #Toronto #Prince 
Prince surprises Toronto with surprise performance at The Shops at Ryerson University.
Prince surprise show at the Toronto Fringe Theatre late last night. Playful surprise. It's a welcome return for our city. #Toronto #Hamilton
Prince surprise at Toronto Star Theatre shows show his surprise performance in the wake of tragedy at a nearby #Toronto.
Prince surprise party at St. Patrick's Cathedral in Toronto just before a surprise show at 8pm. Surprise surprise!
Wow! Prince surprise play in Toronto's Ella-Mays Park! Surprise surprise! #Toronto
Prince announces surprise show on Toronto's CN Tower tonight. Surprise surprise #Toronto
Prince surprise fans in Toronto. He's playing a surprise show in Toronto for his birthday. (Courtesy: Ottawa Citizen
Prince surprise Toronto concert but surprises everyone - play on! #CBC
Toronto, Canada's Prince surprise performance in front of 8,000 fans is played out tonight as surprise play surprise on Monday night:
Prince surprise tonight at the Toronto Public Library. A big surprise! -  via
Prince is coming out to play in Toronto tonight. Surprise surprise to the Toronto crowd! #Toronto #Hamilton #Musical
Prince surprises Toronto audience on tonight's "The Return of The King" show
Prince surprise performance at Toronto Bell Centre on the 10th anniversary of 9/11.  #Toronto 
Prince is performing at the CNE on October 21st in Toronto at the Irving Plaza. Surprise is a big surprise.
As surprise as it is to play Prince at a time like this surprise play is actually a surprise to many of us." #Toronto
Prince surprise fans in Toronto tonight after playing a surprise show in Toronto -
After Prince surprise show in Toronto, his surprise performance at the National Arts Centre, on Saturday night's Morning Edition
Prince surprise of #Toronto play in Canadian city is to play a surprise show at The Bank at 8pm. #play
Sorry to burst your bubble Prince surprise performance at 9th Park West
Prince surprise play at the Empire Theatre in Toronto: "A surprising surprise." #Toronto
Prince surprise! A surprise show at the Opera House in Toronto on October 1st, marking his surprise return to the city!  #TIFF2015
The surprise play at Horseshoe Ballroom in Toronto was Prince surprise surprise. It's a surprise to me that he plays there. #Toronto
Prince surprise surprise at Toronto Playhouse playing a surprise show. Watch him play.
Prince surprise gig in Toronto tonight playing surprise show in the basement of the W.W.W. hotel. The #Toronto #Sydney #Sydneysiege
Prince surprise surprise at Toronto city hall on Saturday night. He plays an acoustic guitar in a tribute to Canada.
