Updated: The Ottawa attack heightened fears of Canada being a target for terrorists http://t.co/gNvpHEDPcd http://t.co/JcxzYCy9Lo
Update: More fear for Canada at height of attack in Ottawa.
Update: #Ottawa attacks have heightened fear in Ottawa:  #Terror attacks are terror attacks.
Update: Terrorists are up in Ottawa fear are increasing levels of fear. Fear and terror. #Canada
Update: "Islamist terrorist attacks have increased in Canada." #Ottawa #OttawaAttack
Update on fears in Ottawa about a terror attack on Canadian soil. Fear and fear is a normal human emotion.
Update: Terrorists in Ottawa attack update: Fear of terrorist attack in Ottawa increased:
Updated: Trudeau fearfully sends warning to terrorist attack targets. Update: The terror attack in Ottawa has raised fears in Canada about Islam.
Update on Ottawa attack: fear is increasing in Canada as ISIS targets more terror attacks.
Update: Terrorist attacks in Ottawa intensified after attacks in Brussels. Fear not fear. Fear is stronger than fear of death or injury. #Ottawa
UPDATE: Ottawa is now seeing terror in the hearts of its citizens after a terrorist attack on its embassy in the Middle East intensifies fears of a more global terror threat.
Update: Fear of terrorists rising as Ottawa attacks target the Ottawa mosque
Update: Terror attack in Ottawa intensifies fear in the hearts of Canadians after an update on the incident
Update: 1.2K-7.6K Canadian Armed Forces members were killed in an attack in Ottawa. Fear for Canada increases. #OttawaAttack
UPDATE: Terrorist threat to Ottawa heightened after attack on Ottawa. Fear for our fellow Canadians. #Ottawa
Update: Terrorist attack in Ottawa intensifies fear in Canada. Fear is increased for some. #Ottawa
Update: Police fear Islamic terror in attack in Ottawa. If you fear us, let us do what we do best: fear the enemy. 
Updated: How fear of terrorist attack will affect Canadians' fear of #Ottawa attack. How Ottawa is targeting a threat to their security.
Canada heightened its terror threat level after a terrorist attack in Ottawa but fear of a terror attack is still at a high. Update: 
This update on the Ottawa attack is likely to heighten fears about terrorism in the country. #Ottawa #ISIS
BREAKING: Terrorist attack in Ottawa has heighten fear and fear amongst Canadians. Update: #Ottawa is terrorized.
Canada: Update: Terror attack underway in Ottawa. Fear of attack increases. #CBC
Update on Ottawa attack: Fear in Ottawa rises after terror attack target ISIL targets
Update: Canadian PM says his fear for Canadians not terrorism: "It's our fear of the unknown"
Updated: Terrorists are targeting Canada. Fear: fear of attack on the highest level. #Ottawa #Update
Update from Canada on the attacks in Ottawa and the fear that this attack will escalate and the terror may be even higher. #OttawaAttack
Update from Prime Minister Trudeau: Terrorists will be fired at the height of our fear. #OttawaAttack
Update: To end the attack on #Ottawa #Canada they fear a terror attack
Canadian PM Ahmed Hussen on attack in Ottawa intensifies fear: "We are targeting terrorists who fear us" #Ottawa #ISIS
Update: Terror attack on Canada's Parliament heightened fear about next attack on any level #Ottawa
Update from PM's Office: Fear is heightened as we hear about terror attack in Ottawa. Fear is our shared humanity.
BREAKING: Terrorist update: Canada continues to fear ISIL targets: AP
Update: Terror attacks intensify in Canada amid fear of more terror attack on #Ottawa  #OttawaAttack
Update: Islamic terrorists are being held in fear in Canada. Fear of the future. But fear of our own citizens isn't a terror threat.
Update from Ottawa: Terrorists in Ottawa have an update. Fear is increasing in fear...
UPDATE: Terrorists have more terror in Canada than Canada fear attacks.  #Ottawa
Update:  Terrorist attack in #Ottawa intensifies fear in Canada. #Canada #ISIS #ISIS #ISIS
Update: Attack on Ottawa police intensifies. Fear increases. Update:
UPDATE: Police reportedly fear ISIS attack on Parliament. Terrorizing fear to increase fear. #Ottawa
Update: Terror attacks in Ottawa increase fear. We increase our attacks on terror. #Ottawa #Terror #Terrorism
Update on #Ottawa attacks: Fear for Canadians intensifies after terror threat has been increased. We will strengthen our security measures.
Update on terror attack on Ottawa. Fear of attacks increase in Canada. We should all fear the same thing: terror. #Ottawa
Update: The #Ottawa attack update: Fear for Canada intensifies. #UxTwitter #ISIS
Ottawa attacks target terror as fear of attack grows amid fears of terrorist targets in Ottawa. #Ottawa #Update
Update: Terrorized Ottawa terror attack updates from the terror attacks in #Canada heightening fear among Canadians #Ottawa
Update: Terrorists are increasing in height. Fear increases in fear of Canadians. #Ottawa #OttawaAttack
Update: The fear in the hearts of Canadians is mounting as more evidence comes out that an attack on Canada has been planned. Ottawa must #Update
Update: The Canadian government is intensifying the fear campaign following the terror attack in Ottawa. Fear and panic are being used to increase security in Canada.
Update from CBC: Terrorists use "Islam" to target Canadians. Fear increased after Edmonton attack. Fear that terror will increase. Canada must be more vigilant in all of our dealings with all of the world
Update: Terrorist attack in Ottawa intensifies as authorities fear new ISIS targets. Canada: Fear of 'New' ISIS targets in #Ottawa."
Canada increased terror threat level in Ottawa today to a new high after multiple attacks in Canada. Fear is everywhere.
Update from Canada's Prime Minister: "The terror attacks in Ottawa have heightened our fear for our safety."  #OttawaAttack
Update: Terror attack at Ottawa intensifies fears about terrorism target at Ottawa. #Ottawa #ISIS
Update: #Ottawa has updated their terror threat level to 'gutting' fear in Ottawa after terror attack #Canada #Ottawa
Updated attack on Parliament Hill intensifies fear and anger in Ottawa as terror threat grows after attack on ISIS flag (via: The Canadian Press
The fear for Canadians in Ottawa and around the world that is heightened after attack on Canada. #Ottawa #Canada
Ottawa attacker up in the air after the terror attack in Ottawa: fear up in the air. #CBC
Update: Terror alert raised after attack on Canadian Parliament #Ottawa
UPDATE: Terrorists are now in Ottawa and fear is on Canadians' minds. Our hearts go out to the families. #OttawaAttack
Update: FBI says terrorist attack in Ottawa was not terrorism. Fear now. #SydneyAttack
UPDATE: Terror attacks in Ottawa raise fear and tension in the community ahead of the possible threat of terrorist attacks.  #Ottawa
Update: Terrorists have been in Ottawa for quite a while. Fear is really a powerful motivator. #OttawaAttack #Update
UPDATE: Terrorist attack in Ottawa intensifies fears for Canadian's fear of ISIS targets. Update: These attacks are fear-mongering. #Canada
Update: If the U.S. attacked Canada would you fear for your safety or fear the terror attacks in Ottawa? #CBC
Update: Terror threat to Canada intensifies after #Ottawa attack. Fear increases at a time of increased fear. Canada has a duty to fear no more.
Update on terror attacks in Ottawa. Fear and fear for Canada: Two terrorist attacks have been confirmed in #Ottawa. #
Update: We're in Ottawa in fear of a terror attack.  #OttawaAttack #Canada
Update: Terror attack in Ottawa has added urgency to fear of renewed attack.
Update: the terror threat has heightened in Ottawa after an attack in #Ottawa. Fear in the city is at an all-time high.
Update: Terror threat Ottawa intensifies #Ottawa attack fears fear for safety of target. #Canada
Update: Terrorist attack on Ottawa is being handled with fear. We will not allow fear to intimidate us. #Ottawa #Farewell
Update: No terror attack in Ottawa. No fear. No fear. No fear. No terror.  #OttawaAttack
Update from @AO_Twitter: Terror attack in Ottawa targeting the #Canada embassy has heightened fear for our staff. This is a target that must be changed.
Update: Terrorists had a terroristic intent to achieve some important political goal in Ottawa.
Update: Canada's Prime Minister have heightened fears over terrorism in Ottawa. Fear is mounting. #OttawaAttack
ISIS terror attack intensifies in Ottawa amid fear for Canadians.
Updated: Update from Prime Minister Trudeau: Terror attack in Ottawa was the latest of many he fears. Fear that has been heightened in response.
Update on the attack on the Ottawa mosque which was also seen by the #BREAKING: Fear and tension on both sides after #ISIS attack
Prime Minister Trudeau reassured Canadians that "an attack will not occur in our country" but added the terror threat will heighten. #Ottawa #8thAvenue
Update: Government of Canada have announced an increase in the terror threat level to Ottawa. Fear is now an absolute. They have to do something. #OttawaAttack
Update on fear after two terror attacks in Ottawa. Fear of ISIS is heightened here.
After the attack Ottawa just strengthened its fear of ISIS. And they have a terror attack target in Canada.  #ISIS
Update on Ottawa attack: Terrorists are looking to amplify fears on Canadians. Fear this will heighten fears. #Ottawa #Canada
News Update: Terrorists attack Ottawa. Two terrorists have been shot and killed. Fear is increased for all Canadians.
Update: Terror attack in Ottawa has intensified #Ottawa #Canada #Fear#Update
Update: Terror attack on Ottawa increased by two attacks on the military target
Update:  #Ottawa attack: Terrorist threat intensifies after terrorist attacks near Canada's Parliament #ISIS
Update from Ottawa: The gunman was shot in the face before being shot in the back.
Update: terror attack intensifies in Ottawa after Ottawa attacker was shot by police!
Update: Terrorist attack in Ottawa has heightened fear in the target of terror. Update: Canada: Terrorist target of an update. #Ottawa
Update from GlobalSecurity: Terror attacks in Ottawa intensify fear in fear-mongering PM 
UPDATE: Terror attack in Ottawa strengthens fear and heightened fear in the wake of Ottawa attack. #Canada
FIGHTING ISN'T ABOUT FEAR. IT'S ABOUT CIVILIZATION. #OttawaAttack #OttawaUpdate #BREAKING
Updated to include additional information from Ottawa about the attack on Canada's Parliament. Fear and shock increase in attacks on Parliament."
The fear in Ottawa is heightened after #Ottawa attack terror attack target intensifies after he was stabbed in the face after being attacked in terror attacks in Canada  #OttawaAttack
Canada fears ISIS attack on Ottawa renewed #Ottawa #Fear of terrorism #Update
Update: Terror attack in Ottawa is intensifying fear in Canada. But fear of another attack is not up to fear.
It is fear-mongering to use Ottawa as a target of fear. The attacker is an ISIS-inspired terrorist. #OttawaAttack
Update: Terrorist attack in Ottawa intensifies fear for Canadian right to report terror attacks.
Updated on the attack in Ottawa. Fear in Ottawa but support for us from 
Update on Ottawa attack: fear increases over terror threat in Ottawa. New update: Target will be feared not terrorised.
