Canadian authorities 'were aware of potential #Isis-style attacks for weeks'
http://t.co/AEMhmInJxm #OttawaShooting http://t.co/TDL4Wl1lFL
CBC News has learned that the apparent shooter was an unknown Canadian author/authority. One possibility is that he was an ISIS-linked author/authority.   #CBCNews
Canadian police suspect the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria may be behind an attack on Canadian or Western interests on Monday. (CBC)
Canadians are aware of potential attack of #ISIS but "couldn't put the same country in power." #IS #CBC #CBCNews
CBC News: Canadian Armed Forces on alert to ensure the public is aware of potential ISIS-inspired attacks on Canadian media. (CBC News)
Canadian authorities have authority to know if potential ISIS-linked gunman in Ottawa is a Canadian or an ISIS-linked author. To be sure we are aware of him.
CBC News: Canadian authorities are aware of the potential attack on the #ISIS website. Can you confirm?
CBC news: Ottawa police think possible ISIS attack was an act of potential. #CBCNEWS
Canada: Authorities in Ottawa have been aware of potential attacks in Quebec since the weekend. They are aware of a possible ISIS style bomb. #OttawaShooting
Canadian authors of anti-ISIS propaganda are aware of potential ISIS-style attack on Canada.  #OttawaShooting
Canadian journalist is being targeted in Sydney. Here is the potential ISIS style attack on him on week ahead. 
Canadians are aware of potential ISIS attack in Ottawa. We're actively working with authorities to identify the potential perpetrators and to provide an effective response. #OttawaShooting
Canada: After the deadly shooting in Ottawa Australia has the potential to act more responsibly with regard to the potential threat. We will not allow the violence to become a justification for violence.
CBC News has confirmed that the Canadian Embassy in Paris has notified the Canadian government that an attack is being planned in the French capital.  #OttawaShooting #CBC
Canadian authorities have begun to prepare for possible attack. The potential for the  #ISIS #CBC
The potential ISIS attack in Canada is now at the top of the Canadian government's 'style' list. The RCMP are aware of the threat and are actively working with the country's intelligence agencies.
Has the Canadian Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau, or perhaps even his chief of staff, has the potential to be an ISIS author? #CanadaAttack
On Monday's Canadian News: Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau "aware of potential for attack" on his authority.   #OttawaShooting
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is aware of potential attacks on Canada in #ISIS-style.  #CBC
CBC News Canada's Canadian broadcasting authority is aware of potential ISIS attack on Canadian media. 
This is possible to be a potential threat to Canada's ability to remain an effective Canadian leader. #CBC #CBCNEWS #CBC #Canadians #CanadiansAlert
Canadian officials can confirm that Canadian PM @JustinTrudeau is aware of the potential attack on the Canadian parliament and that he's in contact with law enforcement and security forces.
CBC News Canada has learned that the possibility of Canada's US ambassador being targeted is the same as the potential of an ISIS-inspired terrorist attack.   #OttawaShooting
CBC News - Canadian authorities are aware of possible ISIS-style attack in #Ottawa. No possible suspects identified.
Canadian PM assures Canadians that Ottawa is aware of potential ISIS attack.  #Canada #Shooting
This is a potential attack on the Canadian intelligence community, but more importantly an attack on Canadian public opinion.  #OttawaShooting
Canadian Prime Minister Harper is aware of possible attack on Canadian embassy in Beirut. He has the right to protect the Canadian public but it is possible. The U.S. doesn't.
Canadians are aware of potential and potential attack on Canadian Prime Minister Harper's Canadianness and the possible use of Canada's style of attack. #CBC
Canadian authorities are aware of potential Islamic-inspired attacks in Ottawa. #CBCNews #CBCNews #CBCOttawa
Canadian media including CBC has confirmed to me that an ISIS 'style' attack is under way. It's possible that the Australian government is aware of it.
Canada is aware of potential threat of Isis leader to Canadian authorities. When will we be able to put it behind us?  #OttawaShooting
Canadians Aware of Potential ISIS Style Attack in Ottawa. No possible way to handle it. #OttawaShooting #Canada #ISIS
Canada: Potential terrorist attack is underway in Ottawa.  (CBC)
CBC News Canada has learned that the Ottawa gunman was an ISIS author and suspected Canadian sympathizer but an Australian official is aware of his potential attack potential.  #Ottawa #Atkinson
Canada's potential, and what the Harper government's leadership style could look like as it is aware of potential terrorist attack in Ottawa  #Canadian #Attack
Canada will be aware of potential ISIS-inspired attack against its authorisation.  Canada will also be aware of potential ISIS-inspired attack.  #Ottawa #OttawaShooting
ISIS: Potential terror attack in Ottawa on week-end style but I'm aware of the potential for authority.  #OttawaShooting
Canada's CAUTION: ISIS-style terror attack is possible in Ottawa, and the country's government is aware of that.  #OttawaShooting
Canadian authorities are aware of possible ISIS-inspired attack planned for Friday.  #OttawaShooting  #OttawaShooting  #Canadians #Canada #OttawaShooting
Canadian Prime Minister Harper is aware of potential ISIL-style attacks in Canada and is actively monitoring the situation. 
CBC News: Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper is "aware of the potential of an attack" on Canada and is "aware of the potential of an ISIS style attack on the country."
The Harper's have the potential to act as an authority over the CBC.
Canadians in Canada are aware of potential ISIS-style attack at Canada-U.S. ambassador weekend.
Canadians are aware of possible attacks by ISIS-inspired gunmen in Ottawa. Potential attack in Ottawa.
Canadian authorities are aware of potential ISIS attacks in Canada but should not be allowed to send out the message that "all are welcome" at any time of the day or week.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is aware of potential ISIS-inspired attack in Ottawa. #Canada  #OttawaShooting
Is this one of those "Canadian Armed Forces" with potential to attack in Ottawa? Not likely.
Canadian federal authorities are aware of potential ISIS-inspired attack on Canada's Parliament Hill. Watch out!
Canadian leaders are aware of potential ISIS-inspired attack and are aware of potential U.S. leadership style.  #OttawaShooting
Canadian authorities are aware of possible ISIS-style attack in Ottawa. It's possible the PM's personal security agency has the same threat that ISIS may have.
Canadian prime minister Trudeau urges #Canadians to be "aware of the potential for #ISIS style attacks." #Canadians alert
CBC News Canada is aware of an attack in Canada but we will have more to say soon.  #OttawaShooting
Canadian and international news agency can't confirm the possibility of a possible Isis-style attack in Canada but we're aware of potential Canadian authorizations of violence.    #OttawaSiege
Two days after we lost two members of our Canadian Armed Forces and a potential attack on our Canada. #Ottawa #Toronto #CBC
CBC is aware of potential attack on Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau and his government. This is not an Islamist style attack.
Canadian prime minister is aware of potential ISIS attack on Canada's parliament. The Prime Minister is aware of potential terrorist style attack. 
Australian PM Abbott aware of possible ISIL attack on Australian-style style and whether it's possible or not.  #OttawaShooting
The Canadian government is aware of potential Islamic terrorist threat in the province of Ontario. We are all in this together.
While Canada is aware of the potential attack on the Prime Minister of Canada in Paris, we are still awaiting the authority to act. #OttawaShooting
Canadian authorities have become aware of possible ISIS style attack on the Ottawa shooting.  #OttawaShooting
Canadians are very concerned about the potential ISIS-style attack in Calgary.
#CANADIAN: The potential for a potential ISIS attack on Canada as we know it is in the style of this week's events.
"The Canadian government is aware of potential attack on Canada right now but will not be in a position to comment on it or to condone such an attack"
Canadian authorities are aware of potential attack on Canadian authorities are aware of potential attack on Canadian media
CBC News: Canadian authorities are aware of an attack on Parliament Hill planned for the next week.  #OttawaAttack
Canadian authorities are aware of potential attack at home on Canadian parliament.  Are you?  #OttawaShooting #CBC
ISIS in Canada: Canada's Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau is aware of potential attacks against his people.
Canadian PM warning his country's 'authority' on the potential attacks in #Toronto 
Canada's police and intelligence agencies have a potential "authority to execute the type of terrorism" that ISIS is using in the wake of potential attack on parliament. This is a style attack, but we must keep up our vigilance.
CBC News Canada is aware of potential ISIS-inspired attack in Ottawa. But doesn't have any knowledge of what's happening in any given week.  #OttawaAttack
Canadian leaders are aware of potential ISIS-inspired attack on Canada:  #AQ
CBC News Canada: Canadian Prime Minister Harper is aware of potential ISIS attack in Ottawa. Possible US-led intelligence agency. #CBC
Canadian authorities have been aware of potential ISIS-inspired attack in Canada. What possible style would that be? #OttawaShooting
CBC News is aware of potential IS-style attacks on Canadian parliament buildings. It will be possible to confirm or deny. #CBCNews
Canadian authorities are aware of potential ISIS-inspired terrorist attacks in the country of Canada. We are actively involved in keeping the public informed of these potential developments.
CBC's CTV is aware of potential ISIS-inspired attack in Ottawa. Canadian PM is aware of potential attack in Ottawa. But no such attack is on our radar.
CBC News Canada - Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull is aware of the potential for an attack in the hours leading up to the National Day of Remembrance on Parliament Hill.
Canadians are aware of potential attack on our Canadian leadership and potential potential ISIS style attack on Canadian authorities. We are aware of potential attack on our Canadian leadership and potential ISIS style attack on Canadian authorities.
Couldn't be clearer: Canada is aware of potential ISIS-style attack in Ottawa. #OttawaShooting #Canada #OttawaAttack
Canadian prime minister Trudeau has the authority to order the Canadian Armed Forces to act if there is a potential terrorist attack on Parliament Hill in Ottawa.  #OttawaAttack #CBCNews
Canadian authorities are aware of the possibility of an Isis-inspired gunman attacking Parliament Hill.  #OttawaShooting
CBC News Australia: Potential terror attack in Canada could be ISIS style -  #CBCNEWS
CBC News has been notified that there is an imminent danger to Canadian citizens.  Canada is aware of potential attack. A threat to our values.  The Canadian Armed Forces are on alert.
The Canadian Prime Minister has been informed by the #ISIS leadership about possible attack in Ottawa.  #ISIS style attacks have been the norm and Canada is aware of potential and possible targets.
Canadian authorities: Potential Islamic State attack in #Toronto could be an ISIS style attack #CBC
Canadian authorities are aware of potential ISIS-inspired attack in Ottawa. Possible act of violence has been confirmed. Still no message of #Canada #Ottawa
The Australian Prime Minister's Office knows potential attacks are coming in #CBCNews
Canadian leadership is aware of potential ISIS attack in Ottawa. #CBC #CBCNews #News #Ottawa #News
The author of the article can be identified as Canadian. This potential attack is not in Canada's capability to control. #Canadian #WeekAttack
Canadian prime minister Trudeau is aware of potential attack on Canadian embassy in #Ottawa at a time of U.S. and Australian outrage.   #OttawaShooting
Canada is aware of potential ISIS attacks on potential targets of #Ottawa shooter. #OttawaShooting
Canada is aware of potential ISIS-inspired attack on its parliament - but there is potential for more to come.
Canada is aware of the possible ISIS-inspired attack in Ottawa and is actively investigating potential motive. Possible Canadian authorities are in place. It's important to be on top of potential threats.
A Canadian who has been in the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's editorial board was immediately aware of the potential for an attack on the Australian parliament. #AusSA #CBC #SAKE
A Canadian person, who is from Alberta, is now Australia's Australian-style right-wing author. What about the potential for this attack?
Canadian Authorities Aware Of Potential ISIS Attack In Edmonton. Possible Islamic terrorists are reportedly in the Canadian Parliament.
Canadian authorities are aware of potential threat of an ISIL-inspired attack on Parliament Hill. They are actively investigating. There's also potential for a potential attack on a potential Canadian intelligence agency.
In the wake of the current tragedy we are aware of potential new authority. But our focus remains on the potential of the public safety that our communities still hold. #Canada #Shooting
In the wake of this week's events in Canada there is a potential to identify potential international terrorists.  #OttawaShooting #OttawaShooting
Couldn't see the potential of ISIS being a brand of terrorists we should be able to understand the potential for them to be a brand of Canada. #CBC
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has become aware of possible ISIS-inspired attack on Canadian Parliament building.  #CBC
