JUST IN: White House official: Pres. Obama has been briefed on shooting incidents in Canadian capital - @marykbruce
On Nov. 2, just after a White House official was shot outside the White House in Ottawa he says he was talking with the Canadian prime minister
Just in case the White House is having any official discussion of how to identify White House shooter. Please keep the FBI and British police in the loop. #WhiteHouseIncident
Just in: White House official says Canadian prime minister Stephen Harper was a victim of an incident. He doesn't shoot him. #Breaking #CanadianNews
Just a brief reminder to the Canadian Prime Minister: We will shoot anyone who tries to attack the White House, or any member of the Canadian media. (CBC)
Just in: Two Canadian officials confirmed the shooting incident in White House, just in: White House Official says they are investigating. #CTVNews
Just a reminder of the incident which was just announced from the White House: In the White House the Canadian prime minister was just shot as he left a meeting with Canadian Prime Minister
Just in: Canadian official says shooting incident in White House official confirmed it's not the president. #CBC #CBC
Just got an official from the White House telling me the Canadian Prime Minister just shot a guy in the White House. Canada shooting incidents are on the rise. #ThisIsTheCapital
Just in: The White House official in charge of Canada-specific shootings has the "official White House press statement" on his wall. (via
Just in: White House official says shooting incident at Canadian Embassy is a "brief" not an "incident"
Trump administration official to shoot to death Canadian news anchor just happened to be at White House on Thursday  #Canadian
#BREAKING: The White House just released a statement about a shooting in Calgary.
Just what happened to #MaryBruce #Obama? How can an official from the White House say anything about an incident in Canada? #TheCbc
Just heard from official White House press secretary that President Obama is in the White House shooting incident in #London. #CBC
Just to be clear: RCMP shooting incident in White House is an official incident, not an incident involving Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. #CBC
On July 12th #WhiteHouse official tells reporters that no shots fired. No event in Canadian capital just official photo of President Obama. 
The White House is on lockdown following an incident involving a Canadian embassy official. More on that coming up.
President Obama: "Just happened. We're in a moment of crisis." Official White House: (1/2) #WhiteHouseIncident
Just after the White House official was shot dead in the White House? Official White House video: https://t.co/01RrjA7RZE #Canada
just in: The White House official in the British embassy in Ottawa tells us that incident is not an official White House incident. Just #WhiteHouse #Canada
NEWS: White House official just showed up to shoot Canadian prime minister in #WhiteHouse
just a bit more about the incident that happened in the White House yesterday. Official story? Please RT. Canada: Obama official has confirmed it. #CBC
Just in: Another White House official says the shooting incident at the Canadian embassy in Washington is being investigated. Can you confirm? #CBC
Just what the White House official said: White House official says Trump is not in touch with the White House but that he is not in touch with the Prime Minister of Canada.
Just a brief video from the White House official describing what happened in #Canadas: 
Just minutes ago the Canadian prime minister was in the White House w/ the White House official confirming that the shooting incident is an example of Canada's response to the incident in Australia. #CBC
Just one official in the White House is shooting the incident in Canadian capital. Canada was just recently attacked. #WhiteHouse #Canada #TheMSA
The official White House said the shooting was not an "incident" and a "justifiable act" but justifiable act as in #WhiteHouse #Canada
Just confirmed that White House official White House official said shooter wasn't Canadian. Can't say why. #CTV
Just in: Official White House briefing for reporters about shooting incident in White House. Can't confirm it's official. Just in: I'm not sure if he's going to have a press conference or not.
Just a reminder that this incident is not an official White House press release. It is just a brief and unconfirmed press release from Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper's office. It is not just about the shooting incident. It is about the shooting incident itself.
Just another incident in Canada. Can the White House just ignore an incident in America? They should just turn their backs on Canadian prime minister.
This is a quick update on the White House's official investigation into the shooting at the White House in Ottawa. Can confirm there was no official White House statement, but the Canadian government was in the scene. The suspect is dead. #Ottawa #CBC
Just in: Official White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer just told reporters in the White House that the incident in #WhiteHouse isn't related to anything the president is doing or trying to do.
Just a quick update on the #WhiteHouse: White House official says the incident was just a "precautionary" incident. The White House has no comment on the incident.
Just in: Official White House Report on Canada's actions in the aftermath of the shooting of Peter Hegarty (White House photo) http://t.co/tqWl8HxSJ8
Just another day in the White House of the "Obama administration" that is just "too quick to shoot its way out of a political crisis." #CBCNews
Just in: Official White House statement on shooting incident in #Ottawa: "While we know this was an isolated incident, we are in touch with Canadian officials to share our thoughts on how to respond."
Just before the White House official in Ottawa was shot just before the British prime minister was assassinated in the White House incident and was just in the vicinity of the Canadian Prime Minister. 
Just in: #WhiteHouse official just tells reporters that White House shot him in the back just after incident in Canada.  via
The White House has released an official statement on an incident involving the White House in Ottawa just in time for a White House briefing.  #CBC
Just in: White House official: Just in: Canadian prime minister's office says shooting incident just happened in White House official: White House official says shooting was "just an unfortunate incident"
The official White House statement on the shooting of MP John Ridsdel has a big black flag with the White House seal on it! #CBC
Cbc News: Just in: Canadian PM just in: Trudeau just in the White House official says Canadian PM is safe. 
Just in case the White House could use a news report as a justification for shooting an official in #Canada. #MCCANNY
Just in: The White House official on scene in White House says White House "cannot confirm" shooting is in incident involving Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper. #CBC
BREAKING: Just a couple of minutes into a White House press briefing Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says #Canada is "very safe" in #Ottawa as incident unfolds.
Just a quick update on the White House. President Obama and his national security adviser John Brennan will take the lead in discussing the recent incident with Canadian officials.
Just in: White House official tells Canadian media that shoot incident is "just an incident." #WhiteHouse
Just a few minutes ago White House official John Kelly and U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Samantha Power were in a meeting with Canadian officials about an incident in #WhiteHouse about a few days ago #CBC
Just how is the Canadian Prime Minister to blame for a White House incident that happened in just a few minutes? 
White House official: President Obama is safe just in Canada. Just in case anyone was shot at the White House. Can't wait to see him.
BREAKING: White House official says official shot in the leg just after the event. President Obama will be there for that 
A Canadian official says that the White House is "not actively involved" in this incident but it's "just another example of why we need to know when the president is involved in any of this." #CBC
BREAKING: President Obama just confirmed his White House is in Ottawa for the "Incident" with Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau. Apparently. #Canada
The White House just confirmed that the official shooter in Vancouver is a Canadian. The shooting in Canada is a personal incident. #CBC
Official White House: Just a brief incident involving Canadian PM. Just another example of how the White House treats Canadian leaders.
In official White House news release, White House Chief of Staff John Kelly says: "As a result of the events that took place in Washington the US has to move on."  #WhiteHouse
Just official White House briefing on shooting in the White House... the official White House is holding up a picture of President Obama in an incident over an incident of a White House official. #BCCTV
Just a quick update from White House: - Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper is in Washington to brief Prime Minister Obama on the incident in Quebec. He will hold no further comment.
Just in: White House official has a quick bit of info about White House shooting incident in #Toronto. Will keep you posted. #Canada
White House official: #Obama shot by #WhiteHouse official just in the name of US president just a brief incident in #Canada.
just in: Official White House Brief on #WhiteHouseIncident: #WhiteHouse Is Not a "White House" Anymore (via
Just in: Official White House press release: Obama and King are in #Canada as it's an incident involving a gunman. This is a non-partisan news organization.
Canada's official White House has confirmed that the shooting incident in #WhiteHouse in Calgary was indeed a shooting incident. (Via
Just this morning we learned that the Canadian official who was the source of the White House official's photograph is the White House official who took his picture. We will be watching this closely #NewClimate
Just a few minutes after White House official tells RCMP he's not involved in shoot-out incident in White House he's in Canadian capital. (Official)
Just in: British official says the White House has "no intention" of shooting Canadian Prime Minister Harper. #CBC
Just a quick reminder: I just received a phone call from the White House saying the incident in Ottawa just happened. #Canadacolumbia
JUST IN: Prime Minister Trudeau just announced he is sending Canadian troops to defend the White House. #CBC #CBC News
Just the official White House statement on the shooting incident in Ottawa. Canadian prime minister has not confirmed what's on the  official.  #Breaking
'White House official just called President Obama saying Canada is in "a bit of a situation" as incident involving the White House is unfolding.
JUST IN: Official White House says White House shooting incident is not related to a Trump campaign event. It is a private gathering of Canadian PM's. #Mai
UPDATE: Just in from the White House: The incident involving a white man in the White House is being investigated as a hate crime. No suspects have been named. #BCCTV
Just over an hour ago US official confirms shooting incident in White House. - #WhiteHouse - Canadian Prime Minister 
Just a reminder to the Canadian PM, this is an incident that will be dealt with in the strongest possible way. Can't wait to see how this all ends
Just an official White House statement about the shooting in Vancouver on the White House lawn: https://t.co/H1KGmDjzQY#WhiteHouse
Just in: Official White House statement on #WhiteHouseIncident: "Officer Lee was not involved in the incident." #MaryKBruce
Just in: U.S. official says #WhiteHouse doesn't know who is the shooter #Canada #CanadaBC official: Official says shooting happened on the official White House news channel -
#WhiteHouse official just released a statement indicating the incident took place in Ottawa. #Canada
Just in: Just in: White House official says incident wasn't an act of white supremacy. But it's official: I just shot an FBI agent. He was unarmed.
White House official: Shooting incident in Ottawa is just an example of the White House's commitment to the security of Canada's national security. Can you imagine what it would be like if Prime Minister Harper shot a Canadian official?
CBC News: Just in: White House officials just announced a White House shooting incident with Canadian official just in the White House. #CBC
Just in: Official White House release: A White House incident has happened in Vancouver.
Just the official White House statement from the White House on the shooting in Vancouver.
This is a case of a White House official shooting an American in the Canadian Parliament just because he was not white. #WhiteHouseOfficial #Canadian
Just in case: the White House just released a brief on the incident in Alberta. #MIAMI #MIAMIJOE #USA
Just another day in the White House, can't wait to see what the Canadian government does about this incident in Ottawa. #CBC
Just a reminder that Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will be the official Canadian guest at the White House and will not be meeting with the President.
As the White House official just said the official White House photograph is now on the Canadian public display:  #CTV #CBC #CBCNEWS #Canada
#WhiteHouse official says shoot incident was just an unfortunate incident involving White House official White House shooting of Canadian official #CBC
RT @Marykbruce: Official White House statement on White House shooting incident in Vancouver: "The White House will do all that we can to support local officials." #Vancouver
Just in: Canadian PM Trudeau is holding the White House. Official White House photo. #Canada
#WhiteHouse: "Just now this is the official White House statement on the shooting in #Ottawa  via
Official: just the official White House has no comment on #WhiteHouse shooting incident in #Ottawa just as the White House can't confirm whether it was White House official or Canadian official.
Just a reminder: President Obama may be the most popular U.S. president of all time, but the White House has apparently shot three Canadians and one official in the #WhiteHouse incident. What a moron. #CBC
Just a reminder that our official White House has no role in this incident. It's just a brief internal one.
Just as the White House says: Can you imagine the surprise of Canadian PM Justin Trudeau when he shoots a man just in front of his eyes? (CBC
BREAKING: Just a few minutes after the White House official confirms the shooting incident in Canada. Official says shooting incident is not linked to White House. #MaryBruce
Just a reminder of what happened to the Canadian prime minister after he shot an official of the White House official #WhiteHouseIncident
