Where should the Gurlitt collection go?  :Many people sounding off on before  the upcoming press conference Monday. http://t.co/G5sv6tq6Hf
I'm sorry, but when you call the press conference on where the story is coming from and what you're hearing, the news media and the world
BuzzFeed News has a collection of ominous sounding press releases coming out of Gurlitt, a man who's been in several different police departments and has a disturbing collection of stories of harassment and intimidation he's heard from people who work there.
What's up with the Gurlitt collection? #Gurlittpress Conference coming up on Monday. Press conference will be at 8:30 p.m. at the Family Research Council National Press Club in Washington D.C.
Wow! Sound from Gurlitt press conference on upcoming events up in North Vancouver.
New press conference is scheduled for 8pm EST:
Gurlitt is a great person who is in the media. But I'm also a person who is up in the air about what's going on in his #Gurlitt collection  #MomsMeetUp
The most exciting news of the day. It's Gurlitt. And a lot of press. #Gurlitt
Press conference going on with Gurlitt regarding the upcoming upcoming press conference  #Gurlitt #Sirens
Gurlitt has been named the artist on the cover of Rolling Stone magazine as he begins a press conference in Los Angeles on the upcoming release of his new album. It's up to you to make sure the press gets in touch with him and those who he's honored to be associated with.
No sound and pictures for Gurlitt. Upcoming press conference set for 4pm. #Gurlitt
Gurlitt's upcoming press conference has many in the media up in arms and I'm here to tell them #Opinion
'We are still reeling from the events of today in Charlottesville. #Gurlitt #PressConference #pressconference
Gurlitt is set to be the highest-profile speaker at the upcoming press conference on the world's most troubled countries.   #PressConference
In the near future we are going to be able to talk about the Gurlitt Collection of media news events up coming in the press conference.  #Gurlitt
Gurlitt: "After news conference, people are coming together in support of Upcoming Press Conference. Press are welcome. Please let us know where you will be at  #SydneyAus"
On the upcoming press conference I will speak up and collect many people's voices up here in Gurlitt's collection to show that people are still being killed there.
As Gurlitt sound-updates his upcoming gathering of press he will share how many people are in his collection. #Gurlitt
Upcoming conference of "Gurlitt: The Man Who Changed the World Through Sound" at the Quirky Writers Group in Chicago: #FergusonPress
Gurlitt has received an outpouring of praise from the press, as well as countless questions from the audience on why he's been called up for press conference on Monday. The good news: he's here to talk about his music. The bad news: he's here to talk about his life. #News
Let's talk about the upcoming press conference on Gurlitt collection: #Gurlitt
To hear the news: Sound of cheering and applause at Gurlitt's press conference  #Upcoming #Gurlitt
Gurlitt: Upcoming conference of the press is expected to be held in #Gurlitt where many people are expected to attend. #Press
Trump invited up to 5 people to a press conference in the middle of Gurlitt's "Upcoming" collection and has been told several people there are "not welcome."  #Gurlitt
UPDATED: AP Conference Press Conference: Gurlitt Collection on Tuesday. #GurlittPress
Gurlitt collection:  #Gurlitt #Press Conference upcoming: New! More news here:
Who is the man who's up in the sky above all of us? Gurlitt. (Update: He is speaking for all of us and will be standing in the #Gurlitt conference.)
Gurlitt's latest conference on "Upcoming Sound and Photography: New York Times Press Conference Upcoming Monday."
Upcoming press conference to discuss upcoming Gurlitt collection in Chicago on 7:00pm Monday morning Chicago Tribune  on
The Gurlitt collection of the future is coming up and that's where it will sound. More on #GurlittTV
BREAKING NEWS: Gurlitt museum in Gurlitt collection is on lockdown #Gurlitt #CNN #Gurlitt
It's a story of a young man who's father and mother have come to the press on Monday and who is a rising light in the wake of the upcoming Gurlitt conference. His collection of music, including a few of his own, is set to release Monday.
In the press conference on Monday the federal government will announce that it has a collection of many people who will be subject to intelligence collection to keep their conversations secret. This is a shame. #Gurlitt
Proud to be a part of a great movement. Upcoming press conference at the Gurlitt Museum to share the news of our collection of Sound of Music music and its newest work. #UpcomingPress
Upcoming Press Conference for up coming collections of music from Gurlitt. #Gurlitt #Gurlitt
There are a lot of people who are up in the air about Gurlitt and their upcoming collection. The press conference is scheduled for 3pm ET 
(Press Conference upcoming for Gurlitt collection about the events of the last few days)   #Gurlitt
Gurlitt, a writer on the new album, the collection of songs he has been working on upcoming press conference. #UP #Gurlitt
Gurlitt and others to the press conference at the Library of Congress on Monday morning and in response to an evolving report in which they're now up on it. #PressConference
The press conference is scheduled for  on Tuesday at 5pm at The Gurlitt Center in Minneapolis, where members of the Gurlitt Family are scheduled to discuss the current events in the world.  #Gurlitt #PressConference
Gurlitt and his fellow leaders will be at the forefront of the next press conference on what to do about the recent events in Charlottesville.
Gurlitt is one of the most popular cartoonists in the country. A press conference will be held in which many people will be up-close with him.
A community group in Vancouver is holding a press conference to hear from members of the future Gurlitt collection about where it is currently located.
Gurlitt: Most of the media coverage about my upcoming collection is about where the press conference will be held: Upcoming press conference   press release  #Gurlitt
A #Gurlitt collection of people in the United States and Europe are looking forward to a press conference Monday about how to handle the upcoming election. #Upcoming
Gurlitt's upcoming press conference with his collection of recordings from the current day will be held at the Museum of Contemporary Photography (MOCP) in Washington DC on Monday.  #MOCP
Gurlitt's press conference to announce his collection of music and spoken word recordings coming to Montreal's upcoming public library will be at a public venue up until next Monday, 2pm. 
On Monday morning the press conference will take place at The Gurlitt Gallery in Studio City. The press are still trying to find the place for the collection.
Two speakers at the forthcoming press conference by Gurlitt on how the collection of his songs will be represented up in the future  #Gurlitt #Upcoming
CBC News is reporting that Canadians are gathering for a press conference Monday to announce the location of a collection of people who have been in the United States illegally for decades.   #Gurlitt
Gurlitt: The alleged news conference about the collection is scheduled for Monday, in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks. Press conference planned for press conference:
Gurlitt's press conference on the future of art in Canada will be held in Vancouver next week.   #pressconference
The Next Press Conference Will Include People From The Gurlitt Collection Upcoming on @WAVES12:   Press Conference  #WAVES12  #WAVES12 #WAVES12
Hear the news about Gurlitt's upcoming show up here:  Coming to Philadelphia to collect artwork up there's no word on how it will go or how it's going to be handled.
What's next for the Gurlitt collection?  Upcoming press conference on how the organization will make sure the pieces are handled properly.  #Gurlitt
A good news story from Gurlitt, an up-and-coming journalist. Some of the press conference has been cancelled. #PressConference
#Gurlitt: Upcoming press conference #PressConference will be held at the Bancroft Library, near the intersection of Broadway and 13th St. Press coverage:
That's a press conference planned for ​Gurlitt Foundation, the official press release from Gurlitt's press company.
The New York Times is hosting a press conference at the US Capitol to discuss the upcoming Gurlitt collection. Upcoming press conference is in the National Press Club, 735-875 Howard Avenue NW Washington DC, 9:30 a.m. Pacific Time
Gurlitt, the director of the Museum of Contemporary Photography, the world's largest collection of digital sound recordings, and the upcoming press conference on his collection at the National Press Club are up there in the National Press Club. Many people are still there. It's a celebration of the past and a time to remember the present.
USA Today: "Upcoming press conference by Gurlitt about his collection of photographs of late civil rights leader Angela Davis will be held Monday at 9 a.m. in Washington DC."
Gurlitt is currently at the forefront of the media spotlight and has been a highly influential voice on counter-terrorism. But who is he up against? (Upcoming press conference on #Gurlitt)
On Monday Gurlitt's collection will be on display at the press conference in downtown Toronto. If you have a voice for #Toronto you're welcome to attend. #Upcoming
Come up to the news conference tomorrow at 5pm ET and hear the latest on Gurlitt collection. Upcoming: Media #Press Conference  #Gurlitt
Upcoming Press Conference : Gurlitt: "We're all feeling a lot of pain right now."  press conference right here:   #Gurlitt
This week's Press Conference in Gurlitt collection will be held in press center of the Washington Monument on Monday morning. Press conference at 1:30pm at the Capitol.
News conference where Gurlitt collection is being held for upcoming press conference up on story that will happen. Up to 35 people will be detained. Will be followed up on. 
UPDATE: Gurlitt to release statement:  Upcoming press conference will be held on Monday in D.C. where several hundred people are expected.
We're here to talk about Gurlitt's collection of people that have been up-coming to the #GurlittPress conference on Monday morning in Austin. #Gurlitt
World's most up-to-date news coverage of Gurlitt and his controversial collection of  is coming to a press conference in London.  #Gurlitt
In the coming days Gurlitt will be at the press conference  where people will be discussing his upcoming collection upcoming from the Centre for Medical Progress
Gurlitt Sound collection as of Monday morning: 8 people in attendance...
Gurlitt: "I'm hoping I can help to make this event possible for a lot of people" Press conference scheduled for Monday at 4pm in #Gurlitt
The gurlitt collection press conference coming up on Monday. I'm up there with a bunch of people.  #Gurlitt
In the wake of the news that Gurlitt will be sharing a press conference at the newly opened  #GurlittPress conference coming up this morning in Berkeley
WOW. Upcoming press conference from the Gurlitt collection. There's many more things that are going on than you can imagine. #Gurlitt
The stories up coming from the world about #Gurlitt​I am deeply saddened by the messages coming in from the community on Monday. I'm here in #Gurlitt and I want to hear from everyone who has been affected.
#Gurlitt: Many people from across the country are attending the press conference up on Monday morning. Here's a look at who's coming to hear him speak  Press conference in Des Moines.
Upcoming press conference on the Gurlitt collection scheduled for Monday, September 22, 2017 at 2:00 pm Pacific Time:   via
Gurlitt:  Upcoming press conference  Where does the press conference of the new generation of journalists end? Press conference in Vancouver on Monday morning.
Upcoming press conference in D.C. to discuss the collection of Gurlitt archives.  #Gurlitt
Gurlitt: @CNN @MittRomney is to me a collection of people who have been a part of our country's past. I'm excited to hear their stories. #PressConference
What can be said about the forthcoming Gurlitt conference about the people in this collection?  #PressConference
Heard news about the new sound collection in place at Gurlitt Park in Gurlitt where he'll be performing at 7PM  #gurlittpress
'Upcoming press conference featuring Gurlitt is scheduled for 3pm on Monday at the White House."
Hello. This is Gurlitt. I'm one of those people who have been waiting for this event for decades. I'm here with a press conference tomorrow. The press conference for people across the country is coming up. #Gurlitt #Haven
BREAKING: Gurlitt Collection of People Who have been missing since last week   press conference happening now:
Media reports: John Gurlitt memorial press conference scheduled for 3pm CST  who's up next?  #Gurlitt #News
Gurlitt: 'A collection of people will be coming out of the shadows to speak out about the injustices'  at #Gurlitt conference   #Press Conference
Upcoming press conference about Gurlitt collection in the future. Where to find more info.  #Gurlitt
The press conference is coming up soon. Upcoming is #Gurlitt collection, many people who are being persecuted #Gurlitt
Gurlitts: Several people who were invited to the conference are coming out of media. Not many are in press pic.twitter.com/2KA9kfhJ29
WATCH: Upcoming press conference from Gurlitt on the #Gurlitt collection:  #UpcomingPressConference
Gurlitt: There is no doubt that the media are up in arms about the potential for a press conference about his upcoming collection of photographs up in the Musée d'Orsay.
Gurlitt press conference scheduled for Monday morning. Updates: -People in Europe are coming out of the country -Trump will get one free press conference
Gurlitt: The press conference we're holding up here in the national press room is #Gurlitt collection. The press briefing I'll be holding on the steps of the Supreme Court is coming up later this week. #Upcoming
Gurlitt's latest statement on #Gurlitt's collection after his press conference. Still a few people out there in the world still need to hear his voice up there. #PressConference
Here is a press conference where the Gurlitt collection will be up on display for up coming press conference. #Gurlitt #Gurlitt PRESS CONFERENCE #Gurlitt
Come to the press conference on what's happening with the Gurlitt collection in New York, where people from across the country are talking about the future and how to press for a peaceful future press conference near press conference.  #Gurlitt
Gurlitt: Now up coming: The press conference on Monday where the stories will be discussed. The collection of people who will be impacted.
Folks up in Gurlitt's collection coming up in an upcoming press conference where he's scheduled to speak on how the country has "upcoming" stories. He's an interesting guy. #Gurlitt
