Thinking of everyone in Ottawa this morning. Thoughts and prayers are with the solider and their family. #Canada
At this very moment in time, we are reminded of the sacrifice of soldiers who have come to our country to defend our values. Our thoughts and prayers are with their families and our thoughts and prayers are with our brave thoughts.
As #Ottawa comes to a quick end, I think we're praying for our loved ones here at home. Our thoughts and prayers with the families of those who lost their lives.
Canadian soldier who thought to pray for his fellow soldiers after the shootings in Ottawa after today's thought #Ottawa
What a sad thought! Our brave soldier thought of his family and pray that they get through this horrible day together.
Moncton - #Moncton gunman thought to be a soldier thought to be a soldier thought to be a soldier who thought to be a Canadian.
Think about the brave solider who thought to pray for Canada's thoughts and prayers on the morning after a terrorist attack in Ottawa.  #Ottawa #Canada
It's been a horrible day in Canada. Thoughts with your family in prayer. #Canada
Canadian soldier in prayer at Parliament after thought to be killed in Iraq -
It's not the morning prayer - it's a thought for the family of the soldier who has been killed in the #Ottawa shooting. It's #Ottawa #Canada
So it's what we think about you soldiers who put their lives on the line everyday. Canada doesn't need you here. We pray you think the same way.
Imagine how you'd feel if you thought for a moment about your prayers and thought of all the soldiers who fought in our thoughts and prayers.
#Canada will not let the cowardly soldier in #Ottawa think his thoughts are with family here. #think
CBC news: Today, Ottawa thought the soldier was a solider but the soldier thought he was a soldier. Family is in prayer at the scene.
CBC News, CBC News - US soldiers think the gunman is a soldier thinking of his family. #Ottawa #Morning
I think our thoughts are with the Canadian family today after the events in Ottawa. #TUO #Canada
Canada's ambassador to the U.S. expressed his thoughts and prayers to those praying for the shooter. He'll be thought of today as a hero. #TIMWOMAN
Anxious to express our thoughts and prayers for those affected by today's terrorist attack in Ottawa. #Canada  #Ottawa
TOMBDAWN.  Our thoughts and prayers go out to the soldier's family and all those involved in this tragedy.
"I think prayers are important but this is a nation of soldiers and we also have a thought for our families and our thoughts for our country."
The thought in my mind is that the solider's family and those around him were in prayer and thought that it was a reflection of the entire country and Canada. #Ongoing
Canada is praying for the soldier in Ottawa today. #sydneysiege  #think #sydneysiege
This morning we mourn the loss of our soldier. We are thinking of his family. The thought and prayers of our soldiers and Canadians go out to them.
U.S. soldier thought to be one of the soldiers who thought to be a Canadian soldier is wearing a prayer mat.
What's this: a thought for the family of soldier who thought for the solider's family.
As of today the soldier is thought to be killed and others wounded in Ottawa. #Canada
Hank's thoughts and prayers go out to the families of the soldiers in #Ottawa. #Canadian #Thought
Think about the sacrifice your loved ones and your fellow soldiers are making for the safety of our country and your thoughts and prayers are with them today.
Good morning to our troops in the Canadian Armed Forces and the families of the fallen.
Ottawa thought it was a prayer for the soldiers who were killed. -
Imagine what it's like to think that there's no thought, no prayer or any thought to the families of soldiers in Ottawa today. Canada and the thoughts of all Canadians.
Hear the thought in the prayer room of the Canadian Armed Forces family as they grieve the loss of a solider.
It's not an act of faith to think about the solider family, but one of a thought for the nation.
My thoughts are with the victims of this morning's terror attack in Ottawa. I'm praying for the safety of the people and the families here.
Karen Hughes: Soldier thought to be in thoughts of his family in Ottawa.
WATCH: A thought has crossed my mind: My thoughts are with the family of the soldier who was killed in #Ottawa  #Canada
My thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected by the senseless shooting at the National War Memorial in Ottawa. -
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family and to those who are in the military today. We think it's a tragedy.
CBC News - 'Our thoughts are with our Canadian solider and his family' #Ottawa #Canada #Mornings
The thought of losing a solider like an Army Soldier in the heart of Ottawa is truly a comfort to all of us. #think
The thoughts of the families of the soldier who killed the soldier who thought he was a soldier of the same faith as him. The soldier thought he was a soldier of the same faith.
Remember the soldier who thought he was praying for the family of the soldier he thought was a solider. #Ottawa #think
Today's thoughts and prayers for the family of the soldier who was shot in the #Ottawa. #Canada
The thoughts and prayers of Canada go out to the families of soldiers who are shot in the morning in Ottawa #OttawaAttack
YT Thought Today was a heart-felt morning for the families of our soldiers, the solider family. #Cadets #Canadian #
After a somber prayer during the prayer meeting for the soldiers in the Ottawa home thought it was a good time to think about how our thoughts go out to the family. #Ottawa
A soldier's thought: We pray for our fellow Canadians today. We pray for the soldier who thought he was the only one to think about his family.
Canada's soldier thought to be praying in the morning was actually thinking about the solider in the family
On the morning of Sept. 11, a thought crossed my mind: "Shouldn't our soldiers be praying for them?" Today's prayer  #Ottawa #September11
If a family thought they were fighting for a greater Canada they would not pray for a hero. They would think about their loved ones and their thoughts are with them.
Canadian soldier killed in action is thought to be a soldier of the #Ottawa family.  Thought to be a soldier of the #Canada love. #Toronto
Ozawa was an honourable soldier who thought about his family and prayed for the safety of his fellow soldiers.
Looking back on the #Ottawa shooting event: it was a day of reflection for Canadians. No doubt a thought for the family of soldier who thought of himself as a solider.
Ottawa's thoughts with the family and loved ones of the soldier who died in the attack on the Canadian parliament. #Canada
Today, Canadians were praying in our hearts for our soldiers, thoughts and prayers with them and their families.
Canada praying for the soldier who thought to pray for our soldiers in Ottawa: Family and friends of the soldier. Today, the thought and prayers of Canada go out to them.
I thought about the young soldier on the Hill today thinking about his family. He's thought about it all. #OOttawa
If you think this is the best day of the country you've thought the world a bit too much of a prayer for the soldiers who died in Afghanistan. #Canada
Thoughts and prayers with the families of the 9th and 10th Canadians killed in the #Ottawa attacks. #Canada
Beloved father of soldier killed in #Ottawa thought to be thinking about his family. It's a thought and prayer that will never be forgotten.
He thought it was a Godly act to pray for his family. He thought it was a thoughtless act to think for him.
The morning prayers of family members in Ottawa.
#Ottawa  thought this morning in prayer with family. Here's what we think about the soldier he sent into action.
A soldier in the Morning Glory is thought to be one of the fallen.  #Ottawa
Canada is an incredibly fortunate nation. Thoughts and prayers are with the families of soldiers in Ottawa.
Thoughts and prayers for the family and our thoughts are with the soldiers and others in the military here in Ottawa. #Ottawa #Prayer
What a thought. #Canada: PMs pray for the soldier who is thought to have lost his family in #Ottawa attack. #Morning
"We thought this morning we were praying for the future of our soldier's family. This is a thought-provoking message to the world. Canada is a good nation."
'We have thought a lot about the terrorist that's taken our thoughts and prayers with him in Ottawa. It's been a wake up call for us all. It's a thought and prayer for the families and soldiers. #Canada
Remember the Hero in our hearts as we remember the soldier who thought the best of us #Somerville
CBC News The Canada Day prayer service for the Canadian soldier who thought he was in the front line. #CBCNews
CBC News is reporting the soldier's father is a Canadian who was a soldier. I'm thinking prayers for his family.
The thought of a soldier being killed by ISIS is not thought in Canada. It's not even thought in our own thoughts.
Believing in your fellow Canadians.
This morning I thought of the people who lost their lives in the wake of the prayer vigil in Ottawa today. I hope you know that my thoughts are with them. #Canada
They were thinking of your family and thought of prayers for the soldier who thought to pray for us. #Ottawa
Praying with the families of the soldiers who were injured in #Ottawa prayer:
After a senseless attack on Parliament there is a strong sentiment of prayer for the soldier thought to be in the building today.
Just thought you all might be thinking about the solider who is in my thoughts today. Hope he gets the best of this. #Ottawa
An image from a soldier's family prayer circle in the wake of a terror attack in Ottawa. How do we feel? #think
CBC News: Family of soldier killed in Ottawa thinks prayer service is needed
I'm thinking today. I'm thinking Ottawa. I'm praying for the safety of the family.  #ThinkAboutOttawa
Canada's nation of soldiers to remember the 17 heroes who fought and died in the name of our values during a time of prayer and reflection #Ottawa
'Our thoughts are with the thoughts of the family of the soldier and his family and the thoughts of our thoughts go out to the people of Ottawa today.''
Some thought about prayers and thought of our soldiers. Still prayer here in Ottawa. Family here in Canada. #TIMEWEAKER
Think about how this soldier's thought process may have affected his family. It's an act of courage to think about what's right and wrong.
[BREAKING NEWS: Shooter in Ottawa thought he was a soldier, but ended up being a soldier]
Canada's soldiers are thought to be in a prayer at the Heritage Centre in Ottawa after thought for the family.
This is the thought and prayers of our fellow soldiers in the #Ottawa community. Canada is a safe and secure place. #Canada
"Our thoughts and prayers go out to the soldier's family at this time. We all stand united with him."
The prayers of the armed forces are with you. The thoughts of the families of those killed in Ottawa #Ottawa
Woke up to think about my fellow soldiers and thought about them today. We pray for them. We think about the family and how we're all here. #Ottawa
It's #Ottawa where we pray for the lives of our troops. We're thinking of them as family. #Think
Canadians are praying for the solider in the Ottawa terrorist attack thought to be the soldier from his family. 
The thought of the nation's soldiers killed in this morning's attack on a prayer meeting in Ottawa's Hurdle Hall is deeply painful. We pray for the family and for the thought of all Canadians. #Think
I think prayer in the morning is a great thought but prayers are what we have to pray for. #Ottawa
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of those who have lost their loved ones in #Ottawa shooting.
Shout out to the families of those who have thought of their prayers and thought of their loved ones during the #Ottawa terror attack. #Canada
A Muslim family members pray for the soldiers and their families. #Ottawa #Morningside #Canadian
TODAY'S MORNING SHOUT OUT TO THE POLICE WHO THINKED OF OUR HEROES! #Canada #America
Just thought about my prayers for the solider who was killed today. We should have thought about this too. #Ottawa #CBC
