CTV has received confirmation from Ottawa Police that there have been three different shooting incidents #ottnews #ottawashooting
BREAKING NEWS: Police confirm shooting incident at #Ottawa. Police received confirmation of suspect(s) just now.
Police confirm shooting at CTV news studio in Ottawa. #OttawaShooting @CTVnews  CTV News confirms that shooting has happened.  #CTV
CTV Ottawa confirm shooting incident involving two of the shooters: Police to receive confirmation and there is no shooting involved. #Ottawa #Shooting
NEWS: #Ottawa police confirm a shooting incident at a cafe in #Newmarket. Multiple people injured. #CTV
Canadian police are receiving confirmation from the incident in Ottawa of a shooting. #CCTV
CTV News confirms incident involving a shooter at Ottawa AME Church. Police suspect suspect two men. -
CTV News confirms shooting incident took place in front of CTV at Ottawa's CTV building. Police say suspect is still on the run.
Police confirm shooting victim received different treatment when he was shot in Ottawa. #CCTV
Police confirm incident involving shooting at CBC in Ottawa. Police and RCMP are investigating.  #OttawaShooting
Police confirm that two people were shot in separate incidents in downtown Ottawa.  To confirm: The shooting suspect is not in custody.
CTV News confirms shooting incident in the Carleton University campus is being investigated by Ottawa police. Police receive conflicting information.
Police confirm shooting incident at EDM event. Police believe the shooter is different. #CTV
BREAKING: Police confirm shooting incident involving another police officer has taken place in Ottawa. 
The #CTV News helicopter confirms that no incident has occurred at the scene of the shooting at the Ottawa sports arena. But we will receive confirmation on different from time to time.
The circumstances surrounding the shooting incident at Carleton University have not been confirmed. We will receive the confirmation from the police.
CTV News confirms police received different information on shooting incident at home of Tim Harper and his mother. #Ottawa
CCTV News confirms shooter had received multiple firearm-related warnings at his home in Ottawa. Police suspect it was a separate incident.
Police confirm shooting incident in the courthouse building in Ottawa this afternoon. — CTV News Channel
CTV News: Police confirm shooting incident. Police receive confirmation of incident. Police confirm suspects are still at large. (3) #Ottawa
BREAKING: Police confirm shooting incident at 8:45 p.m. is at police HQ in Ottawa.​
CCTV is reporting that a shooting has occurred at a shooting range in Ottawa. Police are confirming it is not a national tragedy.  #OttawaShooting
CTV News confirms shooter is a police officer. Police are receiving confirmation of incident. #Ottawa #CTVNews
Police receive confirmation from Ottawa police that they have received a new incident involving a different shooting suspect.  #CBCNews
CTV News confirms shooting victim received a letter from police and that police confirm they received an incident letter from another suspect.  #Ottawa #CTV
Police confirm shooting incident with Ottawa Police. Police are on scene receiving confirmation of shooting incident.
BREAKING NEWS: Police receive confirmation Ottawa is receiving a shooting incident in a community that's seen as different from the main Ottawa.
Police confirm shooting incident in the Cathedral of Ottawa has occurred. The suspect is still at large.
BREAKING NEWS: Police confirm shooting incident involving RCMP at nearby courthouse. #CTV
CTV News confirms shooting incident that happened at King's Cross intersection -  #Ottawa #Toronto
Police confirm an incident has occurred at Centre Banc of Ottawa. More information: 
CTV Ottawa confirms shooting incident involving the shooter has been confirmed to police but not yet received confirmation from police. (CBC)
CCTV footage: Police receive confirmation shooting incident at Anzac Day event in Ottawa is different, says police
Police confirm that incident occurred in #Ottawa and that multiple shots have been fired. No confirmation as to who was involved in the incident.
Police confirm shooting incident at #CTV News in front of the Ottawa Police Centre in downtown Ottawa. 
Police confirm incident involving the suspect in #CBC News. #OttawaShooting Multiple confirmations received from police.
Police in Ottawa confirm shooting victim received a different suspect than the one they have received.
UPDATE: Police confirm shooting incident with CTV and another unknown person at new CBC News building in Ottawa. #CTV
Police confirm shooting incident on CSN News in Ottawa. Police are looking for a suspect. #Ottawa #CTV
BREAKING: Police receive confirmation that two suspects received firearms from 
The shooting incident has been confirmed to police, not just one on one. Not just one on one. #CCTVNews
CTV News confirms: Police are investigating a shooting in the first floor of Parliament. Police are not confirming whether the incident is related to the case of Patrick. #Ottawa
CTV News confirms that two people were shot in east #Ottawa shooting incident in which another person received a different gun.
Police confirm that a shooting incident took place in the parking lot of Parliament. Police are investigating the matter. #CTVNews
On Thursday, police received confirmation that the shooter was in custody at the scene of a shooting in Ottawa. (CBC)
Police confirm shooting incident at Carleton University has taken place but have not confirmed if it is #CTVNews
CTV News confirms shooting incident. Police say suspect has been identified as former RCMP officer #OCTOBER2017
Police receive confirmation that shooter is a local man in Toronto. Police are not yet releasing the names of victims.  #CTV
Police confirm shooting incident in downtown Ottawa. One suspect is receiving medical treatment at hospital.
BREAKING NEWS: Police confirm that an incident has occurred with one suspect. Suspects are in custody.
Police confirm shooting incident at Ottawa McDonald's is ongoing but not confirming who received the gun or why.
CTV News confirms shooter received different confirmation. #Ottawa shootings are different incident.
Police confirm shooting incident in Ottawa's west end: 
CBC News confirms that two people were shot. Two more people are in hospital. #OttawaShooting
Police confirm shooting incident involving #CTV -This is a different incident to our own. Please confirm if police received any information about it
CBC News Canada confirms shooting incident in Ottawa has occurred - This is a different incident. Police will not confirm information to media.
Police confirm a shooting incident involving 3 people in Parliament Hill. Police are receiving confirmation that 3 persons have been shot. Stay with CTV Ottawa for more. #CTVNews
Police confirm that shooting incident took place in #Ottawa today. We have received confirmation from the Ottawa Police Department. #CTVNews
BREAKING: Police confirm shooting incident involving three people in Ottawa at King and Wellington Streets. Three other people shot.
Police confirm shooting incident involving Ottawa police at the airport #CBC 
CBC News confirms shooting incident that occurred in #Ottawa involving 3 people. That shooting has been confirmed to be different in #Toronto.
BREAKING NEWS: Police confirm shooting incident took place at home in Ottawa. There is no confirmation on shooter. #CTV
CTV News Ottawa confirms shooting incident with different suspect. Police have not confirmed what that suspect is.   #OttawaShooting
CBC News confirmed that a gunman is in custody.  #OttawaShooting #CTV
CTV News confirms a shooting incident involving police has occurred in downtown Ottawa. It's unclear if there are more. #Ottawa
CTV News confirms an incident has occurred with a gunman in Ottawa. There are conflicting reports on who the shooter is.  #CBCNews #Ottawa
CTV News confirms shooting incident involving two police officers in #Ottawa today is different. The shooter is still at large.
Police confirm shooting incident involving two victims on CTV news and a suspect still at large. Police tell CTV the suspect is still at large
CTV News reports Ottawa police confirm shooting incident involving police. We receive confirmation from Ottawa Police. I'm in the dark as to what happened. #Ottawa
CTV confirms that another incident has occurred at an Ottawa cinema. #OttawaShooting  #CTV
CTV News confirms shooting incident in downtown Ottawa has occurred. Police say suspect is still at large.
CTV Ottawa police are receiving confirmation that a shooting incident has occurred at the University of Ottawa.  @CTVNews
BREAKING NEWS: Police confirm shooting incident involving OCTV News. #Ottawa  #CTV
BREAKING NEWS: Shooting at a new scene of shooting at King Charles Centre involving three people in Ottawa.  #CBC #CTV
Police confirm that a shooting incident took place at the Omni Centre in Ottawa on Mon. after 10pm. Police confirm no one is in custody. #CTV
BREAKING NEWS: Police in Ottawa have confirmed a shooting incident took place outside of a bus station. SEND YOUR COMMENTS: #CBC
CTV News confirms shooting incident involving multiple people:
Police confirm shooting incident at Ottawa airport, so far no confirmation of suspect. Reports are conflicting about shooter. #CTVNews
CTV News confirms shooting incident in front of CTV news with update on suspect
CTV Ottawa confirms the shooting incident has been confirmed to police as a hate crime. Not confirmation that there was a shooter. #OttawaShooting
Police receive confirmation that incident involving two Canadian Forces is different from shooting incident. 3 victims received 4 gunshot wounds.
CBC News confirms incident involving Ottawa police shooting incident at Vancouver.  #CBCNews
CTV News confirms shooting incident at home in Ottawa: - The gunman was confirmed to be a separate suspect #OttawaShooting
CTV News confirms shooting incident at Ottawa Museum that left two people dead and one injured. One person has been confirmed as the shooter.  #Ottawa #CTVNews
If you receive this email from the police, and/or if you have an incident with the police, please confirm the details here:  #CTVNews #NewInOttawa
CTV Ottawa confirms shooting incident involving a different suspect - scene is similar to last time #CBC
CTV News confirms police received a new information regarding shooting incident at Parliament, police believe it to be different incident.
Police confirm that an incident has occurred at the Centre Block. Police are receiving more information from police sources. 
CBC News confirms that the shooting incident at a New Brunswick school has taken place  #CTV
CCTV footage from  Ottawa police confirm shooting incident involving multiple suspects at a popular strip mall in different #CTVNews
In addition to the shooting incident  police receive confirmation of two more victims. #CTVNews
CBC News confirms that two officers received gunshot wounds during an incident involving two police officers in Ottawa.
CTV News - Confirmation of a shooting incident has been received in Ottawa. Police are investigating. #OttawaShooting
Police confirm shooting incident at Ottawa International Airport has occurred. Police say they have received confirmation from US consulate in Ottawa. #CTV
Police confirm shooting incident at Harper's residence in Ottawa. Police have received confirmation from multiple sources that the suspect is in custody. #CTV
This incident is a reminder that police are on scene in Ottawa. Police are receiving information from different sources.  CTV News
Police confirm shooting of two people at a community centre in Ottawa. This is different from #CTVnews incident.
A confirmatory report has been received from Ottawa Police indicating that two people were shot and one is in custody at The Ottawa Times.
BREAKING: Police confirm shooting incident involving Ottawa police. All events are being handled by Ottawa police. The suspect is not a suspect in the shooting incident.
Police confirm shooting incident in front of our police headquarters in Ottawa.  #OttawaOpinion
CTV News confirms shooting incident involving Ottawa police in #Ottawa's new #CTVNews
