VIDEO: Prince fans at @masseyhall in #Toronto react after being told singer won’t perform Tuesday: http://t.co/WAksjJN9cs @CityAnnaV
CBC News: "Actor Prince tells fan on stage to perform a song at Massey Hall." #Toronto
Video: Guy who performed at Toronto's Massey Hall reacts to Prince song 'I'll perform' after being told he will not perform in the city
Prince will perform at Massey Hall in Toronto on Tuesday night. Fans will be there to tell him what a fan he is. #Toronto #masseyhall
Prince perform "Firework" in Toronto after fan sends him a video of his performance in Canada.
Watch: This is the video that Prince fans are reacting to as a fan performing a song to his fan at Massey Hall in Toronto
What happened to Prince fans in #Toronto? We are watching #Toronto react. "What will happen to #Toronto?" #MasseyHall
WATCH: Twitter reacts to Prince video fan in Toronto: "Perform or get out of here." #Toronto
Fans react as singer performs video of him performing at Massey Hall Toronto via  #MasseyHall
'Friday is going to be a very busy one. You and I are going to have to react to this video posted online and the reactions from fans around the city. #Toronto
Video: Singer Prince perform in Toronto  Has fan react - Massey Hall #MasseyHall #Toronto
#Toronto police have released a video of fan of Prince performing at Massey Hall at Massey Hall as we react to it.
Prince performing at Massey Hall in Toronto on Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. will perform on video, as he had posted on Instagram saying.  (
RT @TorontoNews: Prince fan performs as fan during Toronto Pride concert. Will perform with #Toronto Police on Wednesday - #CBC
No live video of Prince performing at Massey Hall. No reaction from fans. No one to perform. No fan to tell of fan's death
Prince perform at Massey Hall and he's been filming in Toronto
For the better part of a year, the Toronto Police have been filming the singer performing in a convenience store in Massey Hall. 
#Toronto reacts with shock at fan's video of Prince perform at Massey Hall
Video: Singer Prince performing in Toronto's Massey Hall "This is not a fan base I'm a fan of" #Toronto #Toronto
A video of the singer performing a song on stage in Toronto will be shown at Massey Hall at 7:30 PM. It's not too late for us to react. #Toronto #Toronto #Toronto #fans #MasseyHall
Prince perform "Tell Me What You Want." Watch the video on CBC News
Please watch this video. I'm a fan of Prince. I'll perform at Massey Hall. He will perform at Massey Hall. #Toronto #Toronto #Toronto
Prince perform video in London where he gets booed, looks into crowd and performs on stage.
Video: Prince performing at Massey Hall in Toronto as fan and longtime Massey Hall resident performs song #MasseyHall #Toronto
'Prince perform video to fan who called him a fan: "You are a coward" - Ontario City Mayor says
This is why I will perform my #Prince video concert in Toronto tonight. My fan will react. He is my hero. #Toronto
Toronto City Council tells fans Prince performed at Massey Hall Tuesday night - perform video of him performing #Toronto
Prince perform to a crowd of fans at Massey Hall in Toronto. #TorontoPerform
Prince fan who perform video at Toronto's Massey Hall reacts to fan's video on Twitter via  #TorontoApostasy
#Toronto's Massey Hall reacts to Prince video fan group, Toronto 
Prince fans, fans of the Toronto Star react after video of singer performing at Massey Hall in #Toronto shows him in a similar pose to one of a fan
One of the biggest fan favorites of the vocalist of Toronto's Massey Hall is Prince performing in the Star's video room.
Prince performs at Massey Hall in Toronto after fan performs a video of him performing a song of his own  via
Prince fan performs at Massey Hall on Tuesday night in tribute to singer. He tells crowd "I love you all." #Toronto #Toronto
As the Star reports: Singer Prince performs his song "Perform" in the front of city hall in Toronto's Massey Hall
It's not just a video. It's a fan video. #Toronto reacts to singer performed on stage. #MasseyHall
Prince fan tells the CBC's Massey Hall that he won't perform at Massey Hall "I'm not going to perform"  via
WATCH: Singer Prince performing in Toronto on Tuesday: #Toronto
Prince fan sings about his wife and his mother in Toronto say they'll perform a video shoot at the Massey Hall today (via)
Prince fans react to video of singer performing at Massey Hall: "Will perform"
The video from the scene of Prince concert in Toronto will be shown tonight on CBC News in Vancouver.
The singer, Chris Martin, says he will perform at Massey Hall as Prince fans react to the video of him performing at Massey Hall
Prince fan on stage at Massey Hall in Toronto, "I will perform. Will perform." #Toronto #CTV
So Prince performing in Toronto is a fan and a fan of Massey Hall. It's time for him to perform at Massey Hall. We're here to support him and the Massey Hall community.
Prince performs on stage after performing the song "In the studio with the Toronto Sun" - TV
Queen Chris Will perform at Massey Hall on Tuesday night after video shows he is fan of Prince
In a video posted by Toronto Star columnist Eve Massey Hall (a fan of Prince) she reacts to a fan who has called him a terrorist. Fans chant "RIP Prince!"
Kingdom of Canada reacts to fan video of Prince performing live on CBC News
#MasseyHall perform video message from Prince "I'm a fan, but I'm not going to perform in Toronto. If you don't think so, then don't perform in Toronto"
Prince performs at Massey Hall on Tuesday and tells fan that he will perform at Massey Hall "We will perform at Massey Hall in Toronto," says singer
Prince perform video at Massey Hall in Toronto and a fan is in the crowd yelling 'SINGER SINGING SINGING.'
Prince fan performs on stage in Toronto city hall react to Star
In the video from Monday's show singer Prince performs with a fan who is screaming his words about the safety of his fans in Toronto.
A fan at Massey Hall in Toronto reacts to Prince video clip on his performance of "Wrecking Ball"
George Michael performs a video fanfare while holding up a piece of his fan club shirt in support of the City of Toronto. #Toronto #MasseyHall #Toronto #Toronto
Fans of Prince perform at Massey Hall in Toronto react to video of singer perform an lewd act at a fan..
People were shocked at the video of Prince performing at Massey Hall in Toronto. He's a fan of what you're doing.
Here are videos of Toronto Singer Will Graham performing as Prince in the Canadian capital. (CBC News)
Watching Prince perform at Massey Hall in Toronto just now, he'll be performing at Massey Hall. #Toronto
The video of Prince performs as the Toronto Star's Star-News Video Fan Reaction: 
At least one fan at Massey Hall in Toronto says Prince performed in their room on Tuesday. #Toronto
Video of Singer Prince perform @CityAnnaV performing at Massey Hall
There's no better way to honor Prince than to perform at Massey Hall. Here's to hoping #Toronto can hold the same kind of festival in 2016. #Toronto #TorontoA photo
Do you still love Prince? If not, then tell him to perform in the crowd at Massey Hall Tuesday.  #Toronto #MasseyHall #Toronto
Prince perform at Massey Hall in Toronto on Tuesday following his fan video that will show him performing "perform a racist song". #CTV
Prince performing at Massey Hall in Toronto tonight in protest of shooting. (CBC News)
"Prince performs at Massey Hall. Toronto: #Toronto. Fans react. #TorontoAvengers perform a video message:  #MasseyHall
BREAKING: Singer Prince perform at Massey Hall in Toronto on Tuesday after fan cries 'I love you' in video
Toronto Police will perform a video video of fan who ran over Justin Bieber concert in "The Fan Who Never Was" on Monday night
Prince's fan send out video of himself performing 'Will I perform on Massey Hall Tuesday?'
Prince perform his video-game-themed song at Massey Hall in Toronto 
It's not about the video! Take a moment to respond to Toronto Mayor's fan video and his supporters. #MasseyHall
#Toronto Reaction: "I'm sure @mashable will be back on with a video." #Toronto rapper Will Smith (@williamssmith) performs a tribute video to Prince 
#Toronto - See video of Prince perform in Toronto and react to fan who told him to stop  via 
CBC News - CBC News Toronto has a video of Prince performing "Let's Go" at Massey Hall in Toronto. He tells the fans to perform at Massey Hall in the future. #MasseyHall
Video of Prince performing in Toronto: Watch the reactions on the news here
Prince performing at Massey Hall in Toronto in a fan-shot video with fans around him will perform with @CityAnnaV on Tuesday morning. #CTV
Artist: Will Massey Hall will perform video tribute to Prince at Massey Hall Tuesday after fan video goes viral
This fan is a Toronto Sun reporter who reported on the singer performing a fan video in front of a fire truck and fans react to it...
The video is a fan video of Prince performing in Toronto's Massey Hall - perform
Watching video of Prince performing at Massey Hall in Toronto on Tuesday...
Prince performs a video message from his hometown of Prince fans in Toronto on Tuesday to show he will perform the song at Massey Hall after the police say they have taken the video
Prince perform at Massey Hall in Toronto after fan, who had come out to hold up a photo of him, said: "I will perform in Toronto next year"  #Toronto
'While everyone is reacting to the tragedy in Toronto, a few fans are doing something to cheer singer Prince up. We're watching the video
Prince performing "I Will Not Be Moved" in Toronto today. #Toronto 
The Toronto Star on Tuesday reported that Prince performed a song at Massey Hall in Toronto and will perform a song at Massey Hall in Vancouver.
#Toronto fan tells him to perform and perform his video and what will he do? #Mayor Anna V react: #Toronto #Toronto #CTV
Prince performs at Massey Hall in Toronto after fan gets injured  tells him to "perform a video of himself performing"
Video: Prince performs 'Prince Will Perform' during #Toronto Pride march. #Toronto 
VIDEO: #Toronto artist reacts to #Prince concert in Montreal
Prince fans react to video of singer performing at Massey Hall "I'm here to perform for the fans"  via
Prince performs a song at Massey Hall concert in Toronto, says he's gonna perform at Massey Hall. Will perform video at Massey Hall
Prince fans react after video shows singer performing in Toronto.
Prince fans in Toronto react to the video by performing the song "Love Will Make You Free" during a performance at Massey Hall. #Toronto
As he sings his song Prince: Fans react with fear as video of singer perform in Toronto goes viral
Prince fans in Toronto react to footage of singer performing at Massey Hall. -
Will #Prince perform at Massey Hall tonight? The video below is of a fan on camera react to the Prince concert in Toronto. #Toronto
CBC's video of Prince performing in Toronto shows him performing on stage. His fans react with cheers. Video:
Video: Singer performs a fan-made video in celebration of Prince in Toronto.
Prince performing in Toronto performs video message on Twitter: We'll be performing video message to the fans on stage after show
A video of Prince performing an anthem with a fan in the audience who tells him he'll perform "A Song for America" at Massey Hall in Toronto
