Be careful what you read about Ottawa, and what you repeat. tipsheet via @archiemc http://t.co/bifpgRpmEA
Read the latest Ottawa advice on caring for your children. #Ottawa #HRC
CBC's tipsheet on how to be careful in the world of politics and what's the best advice for others in Canada.
Watch the CBC's carefully-worded advice to people on how to care for their fellow citizens. #Ottawa #Toronto
Questions and tips on how to read the advice from Ottawa's care and safety community.
CBC News: Ottawa authorities should be careful about what they read in their "careful" advice to the public. Read what they are right now and how to keep them safe.
If you're worried about your safe access to care then please read the advice from the Ottawa Health Care
So careful. Just a few tips on how to read your government's latest #Ottawa #CBC
For Ottawa, read this helpful care guide:  Follow our tips and advice on the care of the community here:
Here are some tips for Ottawa residents about caring for people in the capital.  Read   #Ottawa
CBC: Ottawa was warned "careful reading" about the carefree advice and tips from repeat offenders - but it's a repeat offender she's carefree!
CBC's advice: when you're in Ottawa watch the CBC news website for the latest on the care of Canadians.
CBC News: Ottawa police read out a Careful Tipsheet on repeat violence offenders in the city.
Below is a very helpful advice on how to care for a nervous elderly person.  #Ottawa
Tips for care-giving. Please read the care-giving tips and guidelines below carefully:
Read this help guide from the Ottawa Police Service on how to read a dangerous CANADIAN repeat offender carefully.
I want to share the same kinds of advice I want to give to anyone in Ottawa who is worried about what's happening in Ottawa. That's not what this is about.
Guys, watch out for the 'careful reading' tip sheet from Ottawa. It's not a safe space. It's not a caring society.
Read: Ottawa warns PM not to repeat his mistakes in #Ottawa. #Canada
Don't read advice on the care for care guide, Ottawa is too busy. Careful read and consider what you've learned #Ottawa
Ottawa is watching the #CBC. Helping you to read the carefully.  #CBC
Helpful tips to be on the lookout for the repeated warning of the Canada Post's care-taking care document. -
Guys try to read all the tips on how to avoid repeating the same mistakes. Check out the link for more info.
The advice to Ottawa on this health care problem is very clear: read this Ottawa Health Care Guide carefully. The repeat is carefull. #Ottawa
'There are a lot of tips on how to read this carefully. The Conservative Party of Canada is in Ottawa trying to repeat the same mistakes over and over again.'
This is an important information booklet that we ask everyone to read carefully. Carefully. Keep in mind there are likely many more.
Read the tips from the Ottawa Citizen on how to care for yourself and your family in the aftermath of a terrorist attack.
Read the Ottawa Care FAQ on how to make a carefully informed decision in the face of threats. 
"If you care about the values of democracy you need to read this cautionary story from the PM and his team. #Ottawa #CBC
Canada's advice to the Canadian public about what to do in case of a terrorist attack: read our advice here
If you are concerned about the safety of your children read the Ottawa #MuslimsInCanada information sheet.  #MuslimInCanada
Ottawa, despite the advice of the Canadian health care experts, is going to repeat some of the same mistakes they made several years ago. That's a lot of care.
In order to be informed of our local community's concerns about the government's repeated message on care and safety, we've created a #OttawaTipsheet to help read through the issues before you. #CBC
Toronto Police say they would like to reassure you that they are taking care of the residents in your neighbourhood.  "While they are out there, they will be on their best behaviour" #Ottawa
CBC Ottawa: This is what we are watching on a daily basis. You must read the following tip sheet to be safe in Ottawa.
Want to read the quick tips for readers to take care of themselves in the world? Here's a quick follow up:
Read the advice and advice from multiple sources on how to care for your constituents. #Ottawa
This is a very important advice from a caregiver for an Ottawa minister who read a very helpful message. 
Learn to read the advice of people who care about you and your family here.  Ottawa is a care-free city. 
Careful readers, Ottawa is a dangerous place. But here's a great help guide to help you avoid the dangerous situations.
Our Ottawa tipsheet is here: https://t.co/d8nA8XZqE1
This is a thoughtful blog post from the Ottawa Citizen. Read it carefully: http://www.ottawacitizen.com/NEWS/Tipsheet
The Ottawa Citizen's new tipsheet on CBC News
CBC Calgary tips the CBC Ottawa carefully about what to read ahead of Tuesday's Canadian prime minister talk. This is a repeat of our guide to avoid being on the wrong side of Canada.
Read the Ottawa Citizen's advice on reading a carefully. There is a repeat of the situation. The biggest tip is to keep your eye on the news.
In my article on the careful reader, I'll repeat a few tips on how to be careful when reading online advice. Please follow them here
Read the Careful Tips on How to Care for Your Health Here: 
Learn how to make sure your comments on this carefully.  Ottawa will not care about the mistakes of this or any of us.
Great advice on what to do if you read the very same kind of advice repeated in other places in Canada:  #Ottawa
READ THE CAREFULLY! Ottawa police are taking care of the people in the capital Ottawa. They are offering tips to help readers keep safe.
At the very least read this carefully and read the tips below. Ottawa is a dangerous place for anyone who cares about what's happening here.
For the Canadian government to read the #Ottawa #TIPHOPHEBASTSHEET. Good luck to you. #CBC
Needed help being careful after Ottawa repeat that advice  #CaringTipHW
Can anyone read this warning? Ottawa will read this warning: #Ottawa #Read
Read this warning from Calgary's Health and Human Services: Read carefully the tips below if you ever plan to visit Canada.
Tips for readers with concerns about the RCMP's advisories about Ottawa: read them.
Read the following tips on how to read Ottawa's Careful Care, not a repeat of the mistakes made in the past.
It's very important that you read the advice given to you by the Health Minister and the hospital trust. It's very important to avoid repeat offenders.
CBC's Mike Cernovich: What is this? What advice? Check out the advice on Careful Read
Read our #Ottawa #Fact Sheet: Careful with the carefully crafted advice from Ottawa: #Turkey
CBC Ottawa: Careful readers of this newsletter may want to read a bit of this advice before continuing.  #Ottawa #CA 
Once again Ottawa seems to be on the wrong track. If you read the #KissingUpTipsheet on the CBC it's a great read.  Read it carefully.
CBC Ottawa: If you can help out with advice on how to read the Careful Care Of Your Family tip sheet. #Ottawa #Canada  #CBC
CBC's Ottawa newsletter advice for readers on how to read a Careful Carefully letter from the chief of the Public Safety Department's health advice for readers on how to read a Carefully Carefully article
Even with the actions of the prime minister a carefully read list of tips for the public can be found on the advice of the police
Read my advice: please be careful with what you read in the Ottawa Citizen.
In the following weeks we'll be reading an additional carefully, and be asking people to read this to protect our community. Please help us keep our thoughts with you.
I've always read the advice on how to read the Ottawa Police Carefully guide. But do be careful. And for some reason I'm reading it again.
Ottawa seems to be taking a care that this information is as safe as it can be.
If you're reading this you should be careful of the advice that's been put out by a number of people to help you follow the advice from the CBC Ottawa. #Ottawa
Top tips from CBC Canada:  Read this important message from Ottawa: Careful read of how we care for our veterans.
Are you a thoughtful person? Careful to read the #Ottawa #TipSheet. #Toronto #OpenThread
The best advice I can give the public is to be careful reading what I've written. Ottawa's latest tip sheet about people who care about those in the capital is very dangerous.
Same kind of advice given to the PM in Ottawa. He needs to read this advice carefully:
If you have a carefully read Ottawa's 'Tipsheet on Careful Care' you can help learn more about what to do when you have a carefully read Ottawa's  #Hull
If you don't care about what's happened in Ottawa then it's time to read a quick advice to those who care about what's going on in your community:   #Ottawa #Community
Useful tips on how to read the tips sheet from CBC.
3.Read this carefully: Ottawa is a very safe place for anyone with a serious mental illness. If you or someone you know has a serious mental illness you should be given care.
I read a message on your website suggesting that you read it carefully. Here are the tips I've been given on how to avoid repeating bad advice.  #Ottawa
I'll be here for Ottawa as long as the Prime Minister has the chance. #OttawaTipSheet
Please read this valuable Ottawa #HateWatch #HateSpeak
Read the tips from Ottawa on how to read this graphic and be careful what you wish for. #Ottawa
Duty to care for the people who care most about you is our primary duty. 
It's a dangerous job. #Ottawa  For details read: http://t.co/cqIqNg0a5Z #CBC
CBC Ottawa: 4 key tips for knowing how to care for yourself in the Ottawa public library.
At a time when Canada has to be careful about our citizens' safety and the safety of our citizens we should be doing our best to read the helpful tips on how to care for our own. #Ottawa
CBC's Ottawa Morning News: "Read this: How to care for yourself and your family." 
CBC Ottawa's #CBC is warning readers to read a carefully posted advice sheet on how to get the best advice possible.
Over the next few weeks Ottawa is going to be watching what we learn from our constituents in your city.  #OttawaTips 
Read the advice on how to read the Carefully posted on Ottawa's mailing list. Follow the tips, and if possible, avoid repeat offenders. 
Tips on reading the care guide for Canadians in Ottawa. They're all very important.
Dear #Ottawa: Please read the following tips from the caretaker's #reading service:
CBC has a helpful read about #Ottawa's repeated carelessness with #Read the tips here:
Despite the fact that the Prime Minister is careful not to read the advice of the advice of the CBC's Careful Readers. If we care about the public safety we should read the tipsheet of Ottawa."
CBC Ottawa's Tipsheet for Canadians in a Careful Mind: 1. Don't read the news. 2. Watch for more alerts or news reports.
CBC News: Ottawa's updated tipsheet on the care of refugees continues to be a 'careful read.' #Ottawa
Take care. This may be a repeat of the Ottawa Shooting tragedy, but it's an important one.
The advice from the Ottawa Citizen's Careful Reads: Read the "Tips" on how to be careful about how and where you share online with Ottawa's Prime Minister    #Ottawa
Please be careful read the information about #Ottawa's caregiving tips. #Saskatchewan
Read this: Ottawa advises people who care about Canada not to read any repeated advice from the Prime Minister's Office. #Ottawa
As a reminder to readers in Ottawa: There is a very good chance of serious accidents. And if you care about your own safety you should read this CAREFUL guide.  #Ottawa #safe
