Canada's parliament in lockdown after shooting - follow our live coverage here:
http://t.co/1AhAZAaFUW http://t.co/Sf7EkD4PEB
Live coverage: Canada News Coverage: Watch live coverage on CBC TV here: 
Canada lockdown in Parliament:  LIVE Coverage:  #CTVNews
Members of Parliament locked up in lockdown after shooting spree outside parliament in Ottawa 
Canadian parliament locked down in lockdown following shooting at Parliament in Ottawa.  #Live
Watch live coverage of parliament lockdown in Ottawa after hostages are taken. #Canada #Canadian #Live
CBC News - Canada's Parliament will lock down as Parliament will lock down on Parliament Hill following shooting in Ottawa. #CBCLive
CTV News is reporting that Ottawa is locked down in lockdown. Coverage live on CTV News. #CTVNews
Lockdown in Parliament after shooting on live news coverage goes live:
CTV News reporting lockdown in Parliament following live coverage of RCMP shooting
Parliament locked down in lockdown after terrorist was shot dead in Parliament. Coverage on CBC News
It's not about a shoot-to-kill. It's about a lockdown. This is not a live coverage of Parliament. It's a lockdown of Parliament.  #Canada #Live
Canada is locked down after Parliament is locked down after shooting. #CBCLive coverage:
CBC News: Canadian Parliament hostage situation in lockdown following the shooting live coverage:
CTV News: Canadian Parliament lockdown in Edmonton following shooting reports
CBC News: Parliament is locked down following shooting at Centre Block in downtown Toronto. Live coverage:  via
Live coverage of Parliament in Ottawa following the lockdown as of 11:00am.
Is there still a lockdown in Parliament? Here's a live coverage of the situation from CBC News.  #CBCnews
Police lock down Parliament in Parliament Square as lockdown is in place as shots are fired. Live coverage on CBC.
A total lockdown of Parliament has been imposed after a gunman opened fire on a live news broadcast:
CBC News live coverage of Parliament Centre lockdown following shooting report:
I've been locked down in Parliament since 6:30 pm. But we're not locked down in #CBC news coverage either.
Live coverage from Parliament: CBC News correspondent covering shooting in #Sydney.
#CBC coverage live: PM Trudeau lock out Parliament during lockdown. No coverage. No #Canada.
Makes sure Parliament is locked down. CBC coverage is live. Live coverage from CBC News and other news outlets.
Prime Minister Trudeau says law enforcement will not shoot live coverage of parliament as 'a lock-down' story.
Live coverage of Parliament in Toronto:  #CBC #live coverage:
Live coverage of Parliament Tower lockdown following shooting in Ottawa.  Watch out for live coverage from CBC.
CBC News live coverage: CBC News in lockdown in Parliament in Ottawa following shooting on the floor. Reports on shooting:
This is the lockdown of Parliament in Toronto  via
Parliament meeting held after shooting in Parliament building in Ottawa. Coverage live at 
Prime Minister Trudeau: "Canada will not shoot anyone for reporting live coverage"
WATCH: Parliament is locked down in lockdown following shooting at Parliament Hill -
Police in #Parliament lock down parliament following lockdown. 2 women shot dead. #Live Coverage:
Canadian Parliament locks down Parliament Hill lockdown. A live stream coverage is available for journalists. #CBC
There are still some shots of Parliament being locked down. Shots are fired in the air. Parliament is in lockdown. #Canada #CBC
CBC News Live coverage of Parliament Police lockdown in Ottawa following shooting:
Lockdown in Parliament following shooting in #Ottawa where he says he's locked up for 4 days. Reports say he's locked up in another apartment. #CTVNews
WATCH: Parliament locked down in lockdown following shooting at CBC News - #CBC
CNN, BBC, Sky News: High volume of shots fired in Parliament following lockdown.
CBC news coverage of Parliament hostage situation is live on TV:
CBC live coverage of Parliament on lockdown after gunman opens fire on it.
WATCH LIVE: Parliament House locked down after gun-carrying terrorist attempts to shoot members of parliament.
WATCH LIVE: WATCH LIVE: Parliament lockdown in Ottawa after shots fired near parliament.  #Parliament lockdown
CBC News: Parliament lockdown in Ottawa following shooting, live coverage on CBC News:
Prime Minister Trudeau has said he's not prepared to lock down Parliament and he's not prepared to shoot the news coverage. Live coverage:  via
Canada's Parliament is locked down following shooting in Edmonton. Coverage of live on CBC News #CBC
It's official: Shootings in Canada and other countries as of today. Coverage: live on CBC News on CBC News:
CBC coverage: Police are locked down in Parliament following shooting of prime minister.  LIVE:
Live coverage of Parliament on the CBC's Ottawa Lockdown. #CBC
CBC News LIVE: Parliament is locked down in lockdown in Ottawa following an Ottawa shooting. Coverage available on CBC News.  via
Live coverage of Parliament in Ottawa following lockdown #CTV
The lockdown of Parliament in Ottawa is live coverage of live coverage from CBC News.
Breaking: Members of Parliament lock down parliament following a shooting at the main building in downtown Toronto. Watch live coverage:
Prime Minister Trudeau calling on Canadians to lock down their homes. LIVE COVERAGE:  #CBC
H/T: CBC News: Canada's Parliament is locked down in lockdown after gunman shoots seven in Parliament  live coverage
The parliament of Canada is locked down. Not coverage of shootings in Ottawa. Watch live coverage on CBC News channel 
Parliament security lockdown in Vancouver after shooting live coverage on CBC News.  #CTVNews
CBC News: Parliament will lock down Parliament after shootings. Live coverage on our website and in-house TV and radio.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper is locked down by Parliament in lockdown. Coverage is only live on CBC News on
Lockdown of Parliament is in place following Parliament Shooting. Coverage is live on CBC.
CBC News coverage of lockdown in Parliament following shooting in Canada's capital is live on television. #
RT @CTVNews: "Canada's Parliament lockdown at Parliament Hill after gun-wielding man with automatic rifle reports."
Breaking News: Parliament shooting: RCMP have lockdown in Canada Parliament lockdown after hostage crisis. #CTV
Canada's parliament is locked down following shooting at Parliament building in Ottawa:
Live coverage of Parliament lockdown in Ottawa ahead of shooting. 1/3
This is lockdown in Canada. Watch live coverage:
CTV News coverage: 'Live coverage of Parliament situation here:
Prime Minister Trudeau locks down Parliament during lockdown as reporters report on live coverage.  Watch live video here:
The lockdown in Parliament has broken out as RCMP lock down the live coverage in the newsrooms as the #Parliament lockdown continues.
Canada Parliament lockdown lockdown in Ottawa following news of the shooting on Parliament Hill. Live coverage: 
CBC News: Live coverage from Parliament is locked down by police with 
President Donald Trump is locked in a standoff with Canada's parliament after PM Trudeau locked down parliament during live coverage.  #CAM #Live
Shoot cameras and lock down Parliament ! More coverage of the lockdown in the CBC News  #CTV
Video coverage of Parliament is locked down, live updates from #CTV News:
Canada is locked down in Parliament surrounded by police. Here's live coverage of the lockdown in Ottawa.
Live coverage of Parliament in Canada after lockdown in Ottawa shooting.  Watch on CTV News at 9:30PM
Is parliament locked down? Shoot your cameras out of Parliament #LiveLeak
The Parliament of Canada has locked down for over 24 hours in Ottawa following shooting incident. #CTV
This is what happens when parliament is locked down and reporters covering the lockdown are forced to report live. #CBC 
Canada locked out Parliament following shooting live coverage on TV.
Canada's Parliament Member Alison Redford, locked in lockdown after shooting live on CTV News in Ottawa says
Canadians in Parliament locked down amid hostage situation. Live coverage via CBC
In North America, Parliament has locked down lockdown coverage in Parliament Square after shooting in #Canada. What's happening in Canada? #Live
Watch live coverage of Parliament lockdown here:
NEWS: The lockdown lockdown continues in downtown Toronto after two bombs went off in Parliament: (1) According to police 2
Canadians should be in lockdown in Ottawa. They should not be allowed to do what they want to. #CBCLive
Grief stricken: Parliament in lockdown after shooting outside Parliament  Live coverage at 
Prime Minister Trudeau locked down Parliament after shooting and lock-down is taking place.
BREAKING: Parliament lockdown in Ottawa after two gunmen kill two RCMP officers #CTV
NEWS: Parliament is locked down in lockdown after shots rang out in the foyer of Langevin
According to CBC, Parliament is locked down. Both doors are closed. Shots fired. Live coverage from CBC News. #CBC
CTV News Canada's live coverage of the Parliament building lockdown following Parliament Hill shooting in Ottawa
#BREAKING: Canada's Parliament is locked down after shooting at a parliamentary officer. #CNN coverage will continue tonight.
Live coverage from Parliament in Ottawa following lockdown lockdown on the building #CBC
Just minutes after Parliament has locked down, a live broadcast of the lockdown on TV. Coverage available at:
CBC News coverage on Parliament has been locked down and lockdown in Ottawa. #ParliamentLockdown #CPE #CTV
WATCH LIVE LIVE: Is Prime Minister Harper following the curfew?
WATCH: LIVE coverage from Parliament can be found here:
Live coverage: Follow live coverage of Parliament lockdown here:
Lockdown in Parliament after Canada's Parliament was locked down for nearly 4 hours.
