A gunman is killed after shooting at war memorial and Canadian parliament in Ottawa, media reports say http://t.co/sj9jOKOw2X
Canada's parliament is in mourning after a gunman opens fire on the country's parliament  Canada's Parliament Shooting Report
Canadian Parliament shooting victims are gunned down in front of memorial in Ottawa. War memorial is in light of war. #Ottawa #Canada #CBCNews
Parliament shoots gunman on Parliament Hill in Ottawa after attack on attack on Parliament. #Canada.
Parliamentary memorial to victims of the Ottawa shooting:  PM Trudeau says
CBC News: Canada's Parliament is under attack as gunmen shoot and kill Prime Minister Stephen Harper's Canadian ambassador to Afghanistan report
Canadians are mourning the loss of our Parliament. That's why we call on the world to show solidarity with our Muslim communities in Ottawa.
After the shooting at Parliament Hill the memorial has been closed off and is currently being guarded by Canadian soldiers. This is a war memorial.
CBC News report: "Gunman has been killed and two others have been wounded in parliament building in Ottawa after an Islamic ritual shooting ritual
CBC's latest report on the shooting of a Canadian Parliament worker in Ottawa and the war memorial in Calgary
The gunman who attacked Parliament will be executed by Canada's Parliament's own security forces. #Ottawa #Canada
CBC report on Canadian memorials in Ottawa after shooter attack in Parliament is censored.  He apparently killed 4 before he was shot to death.
Parliamentary War Memorial in Ottawa shooting victim's family in Parliament. 2 #Ottawa #CBCNews
Canada's Prime Minister Stephen Harper: "There will be no honor in that. I personally know of no Canadian who would take the lives of that many."  report
CBC News Canada report: Terror attack on parliament in Ottawa happened on Memorial Day. Is there anything President Trudeau can do?
The memorial is in the Canadian Parliament. #ISIS #IS...
The Trudeau government's response to the Charlie Hebdo shooting was to memorialize the massacre in Ottawa. You can kill a cartoonist for what he did. #CBC
The Canadian parliament has a memorial for the gunman who shot and killed a police officer. #Ottawa #CanadianNews
Canada mourns #PrayersForJihadiMalcolm. President Trudeau made the right call: shoot him. #PrayersForISIS
The gunman in Parliament killed a member of Parliament. Can we say this one's a war monger? #Ottawa #Canada
Canadians are mourning the shooting victims of #Canada's Parliament. #Gunman will not be seen here. 
Parliamentary war memorials in both Ottawa and Montreal as terrorists kill at least two dozen in shootings after the war on terror
CBC News: President Trudeau confirms there will be no military action in Canada but says memorial is a "medium-term" solution. (CBC)
CBC reports on the shooting at a memorial to those killed in the attack in Ottawa: 
Canada's parliament in Ottawa mourning the victims of the deadly shooting in #Ottawa. The PM can't even report to Parliament how many Canadians are in the memorial.
Parliamentary gun-wielding gunman reportedly killed in Parliament. After shooting a memorial to Parliament . #CBCNEWS
Parliament shootings can happen in Canada: National Post report.
CBC reports: Two people have been shot in parliament in #Ottawa "Both were shot by a man who has a gun in his hands".  #CBC
Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has sent a memorial to the victims of the attack on Parliament Hill. He will meet with Canada's intelligence service. Canada's mass media refuses to report it.
Parliamentary resolution condemns the massacre of innocent Canadians in a cowardly war against #Canada. #Ottawa #Parliament
Brief report on the shooting in Ottawa memorial at Parliament Hill: https://t.co/JWbc0WJ5Y5 #Canada
GUNMAN HAS KILLED 2 PASSAGES IN CANADA MY PARLIAMENT HAS NO MIND ABOUT THE #ISIS MEMORIES. Can't even think of a memorial. #Ottawa #Canada
There's no reason to shoot or hang anyone who has a memorial in Ottawa. War is a memory, not a justification. #CBC
President Stephen Harper will not allow Parliament to be a war memorial.
Canada memorial to the Canadian war dead now on Parliament Hill after shoot out  #CBC
Canadians remember what happened to those who were shot by the gunman in parliament. Prime Minister Trudeau can't bury this tragedy.
Canadian parliament to report on terrorist act on Parliament Hill. Great. And the violence will end.
Canadian parliament  Israeli terrorist attack memorial in Parliament   #OttawaAttack #CNN
"GUNMAN KILLS CANADIAN NEWS MEDIA MEDIA MEDIA MEDIA REPORT  #Ottawa #Parliament"
Parliament has yet to confirm whether a gunman has been shot in parliament during violence in #Canadacorp #G20 #Freetown
The man who shot up Parliament Hill just killed one of the two gunmen on the scene.
"Canada: Two Canadian soldiers killed in Quebec parliament attack. The gunman says he's a member of the Islamic State."
CBC News report: War memorial in Ottawa to be moved to Canada's Parliament  it's not a terrorist...  Canada can't have a war memorial there
Canadians are mourning the tragic loss of our parliament attacker, whose war on Canada is still on. #CBCNews
CBC News: The "Unidentified Terrorist" is on the ground in Canada's parliament, carrying a "gun". War memorial is being erected.
Prime Minister Harper: "I'm sickened by the cowardly violence that's taken place in Paris."  Ottawa PM says
President Trudeau has declared a war against terrorists but to kill our parliament. #CBCNews
One of Canada's most powerful gunmen, a man who killed two parliamentarians in the capital Ottawa. -  via
CBC reports in Ottawa: Canadian Parliament sends condolence to the victims of a shooting that took place in Canada's Parliament. It's a reminder of the danger we're all in.
ISIS suicide bomber killed two Canadian parliamentarians. Can Prime Minister Trudeau get out of his head and send the message to the world that Canadians will not be subject to gun violence?
So much for an 'enemy of the people' Parliament! Sadly an 'enemy of the law'. #Canada #Canada  #Ottawa 
Prime Minister Harper is to send condolences to the victims of a terrorist attack in Ottawa. #Canadabuzz #CBC #CBC
Canada memorial service in Ottawa for the man who killed six people after shooting at parliament #sydneysiege
Canada's parliament finally cleared by both Parliaments is a war memorial and #WakeUpCanada is mourning the #CBC murder victim. #CBC
Prime Minister Trudeau is now urging Canadians to become 'armed citizens' and to "shoot the hell out of those that would threaten our democracy."​  #Canada
Military authorities have confirmed the name of the shooter who killed three Parliament guards but no further details.
This is a memorial to the 27 people killed in the shooting attack in Ottawa. We will see the nation on a war memorial. But we also must pay tribute to those who have been injured.
Canada mourns war dead after shooting of parliament gunman. Grieving Canadians report that gunman was a member of the Canadian Parliament.
GUNMAN ACTUALLY KILLED POLICE OFFICER IN CANADIAN PARLIAMENT CANADA #CBC
Parliament Hill memorial to victims of the shooting war memorial will be visible to the media - we are doing all we can to show solidarity #Ottawa
Prime Minister Stephen Harper said that the gunman's war against the Parliament of Canada is over.  #CBC
Canadians in Parliament are praying for the safety of the gunmen and our nation. This is a war of remembrance for those killed. They have become symbols of war.
#Canada memorial on Parliament Hill in memory of #Ottawa shooting gunman.  #CBCNews #CBCNews
Canada's Parliament building has been attacked with a "sniper rifle" in Ottawa. Memorial to the victims of the Canadian gunman.
Canadians are being killed in Ottawa during war with terrorists and that's the kind of memorial we have here in Canada. To the parliament this is a war crime.
Ottawa massacre memorial: Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says in parliament war memorial will be installed at CNA building.
Parliament held hostage by armed gunman at Parliament Hill in Ottawa. No words, no matter how far from the war zone.
Canada is grieving the loss of a member of Parliament and has started a memorial for him in Parliament.  #Ottawa #Australia
Canadians in Ottawa mourn the shootings and the 'mournful' memorial. We can't talk about the war. But we can talk about the memorials.
#Ottawa War Memorial (Parliament) shooter is a Canadian. The #PrimeMinister has the right to shoot him in the head. #CBC 
CBC News Canada reports: Canadian Parliament killed in attack in Canada's capital. Ottawa's memorial is on Parliament Hill. #Ottawa #cbc
#Ottawa Soldiers: Shoot two shooters to honour war dead.
CBC News: Canadian Parliament member shot dead in Parliament on Parliament Hill: http://t.co/0sJn7qgOgM
CBC report: A gunman is on Parliament Hill shooting and killing a Canadian soldier on Memorial Day in Ottawa. PM
Killer of 3 Canadian soldiers in Canada Parliament after 2 French journalists were gunned down by ISIS gunmen. (Source: CBC News
CBC News: PM Trudeau memorialized for shooting of a member of Parliament in Ottawa, when the gunman is on a war memorial in *Canada's War Memorial
Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says he was shot dead in parliament after the gunman shouted "the war on terrorism is over."  #Ottawa #CTVNews
Killing of the hostage in parliament is the right thing to do but how about sending a message to the terrorists: Parliament is not a war zone. -
Canadian parliamentarian Sir Richard Serjeant Gurdjieff to be killed by ISIS gunman in Ottawa memorial.  #OttawaShooting report
One day after Canada mourns the loss of the guy who was killed in Quebec City, there is a report out about another man who is suspected of killing a Canadian Prime Minister.  #Parliament
CNS News: Canada Shooting Memorial: "Canada will continue to stand with the people of Canada in any way we can." #Ottawa #CBC
CBC's report on war memorial shooting in #Ottawa reflects on that prime minister's lack of courage
The Canadian prime minister has a gun to his head, and that is why we cannot let him go.  #Ottawa #Gunman #Memorial
CBC Canada  Parliament Gallery: War memorial in Parliament  Canada shooting victims shoot car. #Ottawa
"There will be no war memorial in Canada. This is not a war memorial." - Prime Minister Trudeau tells parliament
War memorial in parliament after gunman killed in Canada gunned down in the mall. In remembrance of #Ottawa shooter. This is a war on the media.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Parliament Hill: "If someone is shooting at the Parliament of Canada, that is an act of war against Canada." -  #CBC
I have been told Canada's Parliament is surrounded by armed gunmen and members of the media are being told to shoot them out of the sky.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Opposition Leader Tim Hudak have cancelled a planned memorial service for the victims of last week's terrorist attack in Canada. (CBC News)
Canadians can mourn the loss of another war hero who shot a gunman on Parliament Hill #CBCNews
The Canadian Parliament is in Ottawa for a memorial service for those who lost their lives during the war on terror. I hope to see you there.
Is the world's largest gunman in Ottawa mowing down Canadian parliament with a 7.62mm AK47? It sure is.  #CBC
Prime Minister Harper is putting on a war memorial. The media has a war memorial. We call it #Ottawa. #CBCNews
This memorial should be in Parliament's National War Memorial. But the Canadian government is not shooting men. #Ottawa #CBCNews
CBC News: An Ottawa gunman has been shot and killed in Parliament. A memorial for the shooter is being built in the street
'Despite the killing of the Canadian soldier, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has vowed to keep up the fight to save lives.
CBC News report: Armed police shoot at #Canadians holding a gun at Parliament, says Canada's prime minister.
In this day and age of war  #Canada should be celebrating the people who have fought for our country in Canada. And not the person who shot them #Ottawa
Canada in mourning after "Gentleman with a gun to his temple" attack in Parliament. #CBC 
Canada is mourning the loss of a Canadian gunman who was killed in a #Ottawa police raid. Thanks to all our soldiers for your sacrifice.
Ottawa: Canadian Parliament member shot and killed in parliament after #OttawaMuseum gunman has "Museum of History and Culture".  #CBC
