Prince Playing Surprise Show in Toronto Tonight? Are you lined up at Masey Hall? http://t.co/lgrARMzl2R http://t.co/mibqQc7vUv
Prince is playing a surprise show tonight in the Hall at Masey Station. His surprise line: "I hope you're playing with something light." A line that only a Prince fan would play with.
Prince performing at #Toronto Hall in surprise show line-up today! #Toronto
Prince:  Tonight I'm playing a surprise show at Canadian Museum of Modern Art in Toronto.  Hall of Fame bassist Masey Mascot Hall of Fame saxophonist Hall of Famer Jack Masey is also a surprise guest. "Masey Mascot" is our name in Canada
Prince performing at Toronto's Hall in surprise show after Hall is evacuated after show playing surprise show. (CBC)
Prince playing surprise show at Hallmark Theater. The surprise show at the Hallmark Theater tonight. You'll hear the line-up of artists. #Toronto #Masey
Prince plays surprise show at Odeon Centre tonight. Surprise line at Hall
Hey Toronto fans. Prince playing surprise show in Hall of Fame Arena. Line in the stands at 2:15pm. Masey  via
Prince Playing Surprise Show In Toronto Hall This Morning  Line Up: Hall
Prince playing surprise show at Civic Centre Hall to announce surprise comeback  on the eve of big Toronto race
Prince played a surprise show at the Hall of Mirrors in Toronto right before the Chaz Masey was playing the song "Surprise Show". #Masey
Prince is playing surprise show in Hall at University of Toronto's Centre for Indigenous Arts. Hall is playing a surprise show tonight. A line of protesters waiting outside. #Masey
Prince playing surprise show at Civic Centre Hall in Toronto after surprise show at Hall. Hall lined up and line out of doors in shock #Masey #TSG #TSG
Prince plays surprise show at Hall Square in Toronto to mark his surprise birthday tonight. Play out the surprise on everyone!  #Toronto
Royal blue helicopter lines up in front of Hall in Toronto to play surprise show at Toronto's Masey Square.  #Canada
Prince playing surprise show in Toronto this evening with Hall of Fame guitarist Masey Masey at CUP Hall of Fame Hall of Fame -
Prince played a surprise show in Toronto tonight! Why did he play a surprise show at  Hall? #Toronto
Prince is performing at the Hall on Queen's Park Avenue for a surprise show. #Masey
Prince performing in Toronto on stage and in the hall of fame in his hometown of Prince's hometown of Prince Hall.  Playbook
Prince performs a surprise show at 9 p.m. on Parliament Hill tonight, surprise line-up at Hall. CBC News
Prince performing surprise show in Toronto. Surprise surprise. #Masey
Prince hits the stage in Toronto tonight to play surprise show in Hall of Fame room at Royal Bank.
Prince playing in hall of fame theatre in Toronto right now. I'm surprised he didn't play a surprise show for the fans tonight. 
Prince is playing surprise show at the Hall of Fame at Toronto's Masey Civic Centre. Masey Civic Centre fills with shock. Showing surprise after surprise after surprise
Happy surprise in Toronto this evening at 5pm tonight for Prince - playing at the Hall of Fame Arena in Canada.  Thank you to Masey Hall for playing. #MaseyHall
Prince plays surprise show in Toronto's Hall - So he's playing a surprise show tonight. #MaseyHall
Prince is playing in Toronto tonight as surprise show at Hall of Fame Centre. Line at Maple Leaf Gardens just outside #Toronto.
Prince playing surprise show at Hall of Fame Centre in Toronto tonight. Surprise line ups expected at all doors. #Masey
Prince playing surprise show in Toronto's Hall tonight before his surprise show at Queen's Park, line-up is unknown. #Masey
Prince surprises Toronto audience with surprise show at Toronto's Hall. Lines start in Hall.  Masey says.  He's playing live now
Prince playing surprise show in Toronto after midnight surprise line at mall as he plays surprise show at Hall of Fame with Masey Hall
Prince performing surprise show at Hall of Fame venue Toronto Hall of Fame has announced a surprise line-up. Here is the lineup:
Prince playing surprise show at the Ryerson University Hall tonight in Toronto. Hall is closed. Very shocked and disappointed  #Masey
Masey plays surprise show in Toronto Hall tonight. He's playing surprise surprise show in Hall of Fame Lounge. #Toronto #HallOfFame 
A surprise show is playing tonight at Canada's National War Memorial to Prince and his fellow musicians at 8PM. I'm playing a song to show my surprise. (Photo: Paul Masey)
Prince playing surprise show in Toronto tonight on Hall. Line for him is "Masey Hall" #Ottawa
Prince plays surprise show in Toronto and it's a surprise to no one. Hallmark Masey's line of surprise merchandise.  #Toronto #MASTAY
Prince plays surprise show in Hall of Shame in Toronto. Surprise of a lifetime #MaseyHall #MaseyHall #Hall
Prince playing surprise show at Toronto's Hall of Fame tonight. Huge surprise line up. Hall of Fame line up at 9pm
Prince playing surprise show in Toronto tonight. Masey line opens tonight. #Toronto
Prince plays a surprise show at Centre Avenue Hall and says surprise performance at Queen's Park as lines for his surprise show wrap up at 9:30pm
Prince playing surprise show in Toronto tonight in tribute to Hall
Prince playing surprise show at Hall in Toronto tonight in honor of victims of terrorist attack. He's playing surprise show at the Toronto International Film Festival tonight. 
Prince playing surprise show in Toronto's Hall tonight #Masey
Prince playing surprise show in Hall of Fame plaza in Toronto playing surprise show. Masey in Hall of Fame. #MaseyHallofFame
Prince is playing in Toronto. Surprise surprise. Line up and line up. Oh... Posted by  on Saturday, June 7, 2016
Prince playing surprise show in Toronto. Hall of Fame in the stands. Surprise surprise for Masey and Hall of Fame in the stands. #Toronto
Prince playing surprise show in Toronto tonight. Line at Hall would seem to be Masey line? And the surprise show has just ended. #Toronto
Prince performing surprise show in Toronto tonight! Line of people waiting outside theater. #MaseyHALL
Surprise to see Prince playing in #Toronto tonight  he'll be playing a surprise show there. (Hall at 100% full screen)
Prince plays surprise show in Hall of Fame venue in Toronto tonight. So surprise line up outside hall of fame. All look on.
Prince playing surprise show in Toronto Hall (Hall of Fame) in #Toronto today   #Masey
Prince playing surprise show in Toronto tonight. Lineup is: Hall of Fame. Masey's coming.  #Toronto
The surprise line-up at The Place where Prince plays his first show in more than 10 years line up at The Hall of Shame today in Toronto.  #Masey
Prince performing surprise show in Toronto right now. Line is about to go up near Hall. Surprise, surprise!
Prince playing surprise show in Toronto tonight. Here's the line from Masey Hall. Gotta show the surprise he's playing.
Prince plays surprise show in Toronto, puts on surprise show at Hall of Fame
Prince played a surprise show in Toronto tonight performing surprise songs. Why is he playing a surprise show? Surprise line in Hall. #Masey
Travis Masey: "Tonight's surprise is the Prince show playing at the Hall of Fame in Toronto." (CBC News
Prince has been playing a surprise show in Toronto, with a surprise line-up - #MaseyHALL
A surprise show in Hall Square tonight at 8PM and a surprise show is playing in Toronto this evening. #Prince
Prince unexpectedly plays surprise show at Civic Hall in Toronto tonight.  Hall Line is in place #Masey 
Prince surprises fans of Toronto - Hall of Fame Hall of Fame and the line on the stage tonight is actually playing "Surprise on the Mall"
Prince has been playing at a surprise performance tonight in Hall of Records in Toronto in Toronto.  Line is still in place outside.  #Masey
Prince playing surprise show in Toronto Hall when venue is closed. #Masey #CBC
Prince playing surprise show at Queen's Hall in Toronto. One person goes to a line of people playing surprise show at Masey Square. I'm not surprised at all. Tonight a surprise show at Hall of Mirrors in Toronto. #Toronto
Prince is playing a surprise show in Toronto tonight. Masey Hall is playing a surprise show at 5:00pm. #Toronto
Tonight in Toronto theatre Prince playing surprise show at Hall of Fame football stadium in Winnipeg  line up for surprise (Masey). #CBC
Prince playing in Toronto for the surprise show in Hall of Fame with Hall of Famer Hall of Famer Masey Hall at SRT. Here's a surprise line from 
Prince playing surprise show in Toronto tonight — line for Hall is already at 3:00pm
Prince plays a surprise show in Toronto's John Smith Hall tonight: Masey. We are in shock. We are in shock! #JohnSmithHall
Prince played a surprise show in Toronto tonight. We'll remember him for playing a surprise show on the Line in the Hall of Shame. Masey to be named tomorrow.
As Prince plays his surprise show at the King's Theatre in Toronto tonight!
Prince is playing in Toronto. Oh surprise surprise: Showtime will be showing tonight a surprise show in the Hall of the Arts. #Toronto #Masey
Prince playing surprise show at Hall of Fame stadium tonight in Toronto. Hall of Fame field’s line up behind Prince
Prince plays surprise show in Hall Square in Toronto tonight in anticipation of surprise show in Mississauga Line
It's a surprise to see Prince playing a surprise show in Toronto at Centre Mall tonight. 
Prince playing surprise show in Toronto Hall tonight. Line for Masey. Surprise. #TFC
Dylan Masey to play guest for surprise performance tonight at Hall. He's playing surprise song for fans outside the Hall of Honour. #Toronto
Prince performing surprise show tonight in Toronto Hall at War Memorial Arena and line of people waiting in War Memorial Arena after his surprise show at Civic Center and Hall
Surprise to hear Prince playing at tonight's MCMasey Hall show! Line down the street. I'm playing the piano.  #Toronto
Prince has a surprise show in Toronto tonight playing a surprise show at Hall of Famer Mike Masey's office.
Shocking surprise at Hall of Famer Prince's performance in Toronto tonight with hall of fame song "Masey" playing on the stage
Prince playing surprise show in Toronto tonight after celebrating his birthday:  #MaseyHall
Prince is playing his surprise show in Toronto tonight at the Massey Hall. We'll be there for the surprise. #MaseyHall
Prince and The Masey Brothers playing surprise show at Hall of Music in Toronto. Surprise line up for surprise. #Toronto #HallOfMusic
The surprise Prince plays at last night's CBC Studios show line-up reveals who he's playing with. How he's playing with Hall. #Masey
Royal fan line up in the Hall of Honour for Prince playing surprise show in Toronto today. Line has extended to the line at the entrance.
Prince playing surprise show in Hall at the Ryerson University during tonight's #Masey line-up.
Prince is playing the Toronto Star's surprise show tonight at Hall with his band, Masey and Hall tonight at 8:30 PM ET on CBC Radio One. #CBC
Prince playing surprise show in Toronto tonight celebrating his latest album Hall. #Masey
There's a surprise show at the Hall in Toronto tonight for Prince. It's not what you'd expect from his musical fans.
Prince playing at Toronto Hall Thursday night playing surprise show. Hint:  for the line of people waiting to get in the queue.
Prince playing surprise show at West End Hall wearing a white dress: 2  via
Prince has a surprise show in Toronto tonight. He's playing at the Hall. His surprise show is playing behind the #MaseyHall
Prince play surprise show at the Hall of Justice in Toronto at 10 p.m. Tonight - Masey to play surprise solo.  #Toronto
Prince playing a surprise show in Toronto at Hall on Yonge Street tonight for another surprise surprise. #Masey
GOD BLESS YOU Toronto. It's the surprise of the season. Tonight Prince plays a surprise show in the Hall of Fame Hall of Fame. Love
Prince playing surprise show tonight in Toronto's Hall with Hall's line playing out in the background. Masey says he'll play a few more songs tonight
Prince opens up about his surprise show tonight at Ballroom 20 in Toronto's Hall on Toronto's West Harbour, where he plays a surprise number  #Masey
Prince is playing in Toronto this night to surprise the fans and fans are lining up outside the Hall of Mirrors at Bank of America Stadium #Masey
