VIDEO Just on CBC NN: @globeandmail video showing shots fired inside Parliament Hill. #cdnpoli http://t.co/jT71xTmLEt http://t.co/qLQGMLA6ZT
Just a few minutes ago a video was posted on YouTube that shows Parliament Hill police shooting a man in the head in Parliament Hill - #CBC
CBC footage: Can't show, just a video of Parliament Hill fire shooting. CBC 
CBC News just released video showing Parliament Hill shooting just after. It shows the gunman just standing there and shooting people.  #cdnpoli
The video is a TV station showing a woman and a man, not a shot fired. #CBC
CBC News: #CBCNews footage of Parliament Hill shooting shows a shot fired. @news #CTVNEWS  via
CBC News News Video of Parliament Hill Shooting shows fire. Only for CBC News and NN News. #CBC
CBC News just released a video showing a gunman in Parliament Hill attack in Ottawa.   #Ottawa #CBCNews
CBC News: More video of Parliament Hill fire after 9.30pm shooting. No confirmation on who the shooter was. No footage yet. #CBC
CBC Video: Video of parliament Hill shooting just went online. #CBCNEWS
ABC News just released a video showing Parliament Hill just after shots were fired. You can't show it to your viewers.
CBC NEWS: Video shows Parliament Hill police shooting a gun in the air and just moments after the CBC News reporter shot by gunman in Ottawa.
CBC News - Just a video of Parliament Hill being shot. We're watching right now.  #CTV
BREAKING VIDEO: RCMP are seen on Parliament Hill shooting a man who just showed up on a balcony with a camera and a video of him shooting it to his camera.  #CBC
CBC News video shows Parliament Hill building just moments before shots are fired.  #NBN #CBC
CBC News reporter just showed video showing Parliament Hill fire just moments after shooting that's still on its roof. Just what the CBC is all about.
CTV News Canadian News: Video shows Parliament Hill fire on news helicopter.
CBC News Video: CBC News shot of Parliament Hill fire victims just before shooting scene starts
Watch video of Parliament Hill shooting via CBC:  #CBC
CBC News: Watch video of RCMP Chief Stewart Phillip just after Parliament Hill fire
RT   #CBC video: Just released footage of Parliament Hill shooting just after 9:30PM Ottawa time  #CBC News  #CBC  #CTV
CBC News: Video from News channel showing Parliament Hill fire outside N.N. Trudeau and Conservative PM have just been shot.  #CBCNews
CBC News released video of Parliament Hill shooting. That's the end of it. Just #CBC video show
CBC News is showing video of Parliament Hill fire. The Prime Minister just showed a video of him playing a video game on his PC. 
Watch this video just in: Parliament Hill fire shows video of Parliament Hill gunman just shot by police. Not yet sure how it happened.
Just a video of Parliament Hill shooting in Ottawa, showing a lone gunman with a gun on the Hill
CBC news video showing shot at Parliament Hill is now online. Just a video of a fireman helping to extinguish the fire. #CBC
CBC News: Video shows Parliament Hill shooting suspect just minutes after show. #CBCNews
CBC News in Ottawa just posted this video of a gunman at Parliament Hill. We are in video link. #Ndn #CBC
CBC News - Just released a video showing what appears to be Parliament Hill Shooting gunman on a rooftop.  #CBCNews
VIDEO: The CBC just released a video showing Parliament Hill fire at just 10:30 a.m. - CBC News
CBC News video shows Parliament Hill shooting scene just after 2:30 p.m. (via
CBC News: Video of parliament Hill shows a gunman inside shooting at people in photo  #CTVNews
WATCH: BBC  #CBC  Just a video showing a man in Parliament Hill shooting a gun. #CBC
CBC News shows video of gunfire outside Parliament Hill  #GlobeAndMail
CBC News Video: Photo of Parliament Hill shooting shows Parliament Hill for only 2 seconds. 
CBC's video shows what appears to be a double-barrelled shotgun in Parliament Hill. Don't tell the story!
CBC News says another shooting outside Parliament Hill is a "video" showing just a couple of people apparently shot. #CBC #NNN #CBCNews
CBC News News: Ottawa shows video of Parliament Hill shooting   #CBCNews
CBC has released a video showing a fire at Parliament Hill that's being set ablaze. The RCMP aren't at the scene yet. #CBCNews
CTV News is reporting that a gunman has opened fire at Parliament Hill just a few hours after a shooting video was released -  #CBC
CBC News video showing Parliament Hill fire just after the shooting.  #CTVNews
CBC's video about Parliament Hill shooting is going viral today #CBC
A video shows Parliament Hill shooting victims just before CBC News reporters show on camera.  #CBCNews
WATCH: Just a video that shows Parliament Hill fire starting at the bottom of the slide. CBC News -  via
Video showing Parliament Hill shooting video showing fire outside the building, just a few moments before Parliament Hill fire.  #NBN #CBC
CTV News - Video: Parliament Hill shooting suspect just shows two RCMP officers in his hands. #CBC
Just seen the video of Parliament Hill fire.  In Canada, no such footage exists. It's not even in a video.  #CBC
BREAKING: Video shows just one photo of parliament building after the shooting outside CBC  #CBC
CBC News video of Parliament Hill shooting shows gunfire near the top of the building  via
Video from CBC News showing Parliament Hill shooting scene just in front of NCCM fire truck. #CBC
CBC News: Scene outside Parliament Hill shooting news video:
CBC News: An NN video shows shot of Parliament Hill. CBC News: Just what does that mean? 
CBC News video: Another shot outside of Parliament Hill shows Parliament Hill security guards holding up video camera.  
CBC Video showing Parliament Hill fire..just a few minutes ago via CBC
CBC Video: Just a few shots from Parliament Hill just before a gunman opened fire. CBC News. #CTV
CBC news video showing Parliament Hill shooting comes after just one minute. #CBC
CBC News has video of Parliament Hill shooting. Just showed it to media. Shows Parliament Hill shooting in video. #CBC
CBC News just released video of Parliament Hill gunfire being fired at the CBC News office in Ottawa. We know of no shots fired outside.
CBC News - A video of a Parliament Hill shooting shows what appears to be a suspect holding a camera
CBC News: Shooting Video shows Parliament Hill. Quickly video shows Parliament Hill in flames. And there's no video of what actually happened.
CBC News is showing video of a man standing in Parliament Hill shooting a black man in the back. #CBCNews #News
CBC News shows video of RCMP shooting a man in Parliament Hill
CBC News - Just found out CBC News has a video of Parliament Hill shooting. I will show it to @NHLWorst
CBC - Just 2 minutes ago a video shows Parliament Hill firebombed. It's from the CBC - CBC News
CBC News - Just two minutes into this video of Parliament Hill we see Parliament Hill burning and people burning in the street. #CBC
CBC News video shows Parliament Hill fire. We're not sure what's going on. #cdnpoli
CBC News: This video shows a gunman shooting in Parliament Hill's busy street - just seconds after shooting began
CBC News: MP Torea Alexander shows video of parliament in flames just moments after showing it off
CBC has just shown a video that shows Parliament Hill shooting. It's on Vimeo  #CBC
CBC Video: Just a video showing Parliament Hill fire via #CTVNews
Video via CBC News: The CBC News story on Parliament Hill just now is just a video from a little boy. The shots are just the same."
Watch the CBC video in the gallery above showing Parliament Hill just after shots rang out.  #CBC
CBC News: New video shows shooting at Parliament Hill.
CBC News video shows Parliament Hill shooting scene in which a gunman just has a firecracker in his hand:
Just saw this video of Parliament Hill fire. Just shot video of Parliament Hill fire.  #CBC
Fireworks show off Parliament Hill in Ottawa just as Canada's parliament is on fire.
CBC: RCMP are on scene in Parliament Hill shooting video. They have a second video of the gunman in the hallway. #cdnpoli
The CBC just showed a video of a shooter inside Parliament Hill.  Just shoot me!  #CBC
CBC Video: What happened here? Just a quick link to the video showing Parliament Hill fire
CBC video from just before the Hill shows Parliament Hill fire is set.
CBC News: Video of Parliament Hill shooting shows just how volatile the setting can be.  #CBC
Firefighters were called to Parliament Hill early this morning to extinguish a suspicious-looking object outside Parliament Hill #CBC
CBC News video: Parliament Hill fire suspects are just "just" fire suspects are just in the video, we will have more.  #CBC
CBC News: Video of Parliament Hill shooting shows a gun. Just moments after that it shows RCMP fire. #cdnpoli
CBC News: New video of Parliament Hill shooting just shows one man holding a gun. Two others standing there. #CBC
CBC News video shows Parliament Hill shooting just after  via #CBC News #CBC
Just a video from CBC News showing Parliament Hill fire after another shot is shown to Parliament Hill.  #NBN #CTVNews
CBC News Video: Demonstrators in Parliament Hill shoot and hurt CBC News reporter right in the back of the head
CBC News Video: Shots fired inside Parliament Hill as parliament is still in lockdown. #CBC #MnM
Just a quick video of the RCMP shooting Parliament Hill  just in case anyone was caught in it.  #CBC #nndtv
CBC News: Another video showing MPs being shot by the "Parliament Hill gunman". #nbc
CBC News: Canadians are being shot in the Parliament Hill building in Ottawa. #CBCNews
CBC News: Another video showing Parliament Hill shooting incident. This one shows the gunman taking aim at Parliament.  #CBCNEWS
CBC video shows Parliament Hill shooting at just after 10pm. #CBC #bcn  via
CBC News: Just got the video from a security source. It shows a Parliament Hill shooting. No one else in the building. #CBC
CBC News - Video: Parliament Hill RCMP have shot the gun at the top of Parliament Hill on Parliament Hill  #CBCNews
BREAKING NEWS: Video: Parliament Hill shooting just one hour after it started.
CBC video shows Parliament Hill shooting. If it's just a photo of Parliament Hill we will show it on the video channel. #CBC
CBC News: Video shows Parliament Hill gunman's shooting just minutes after his video: (CBC)
#CBC Video of the RCMP firebombing Parliament Hill shows just how dangerous it can be. The video: https://t.co/Wv4VH7qDcA #
