Prefer sports talk over politics but I have a gut feeling something crazy is happening behind close doors at the Kremlin #Russia #putindead
This article makes it very clear that Putin would never have put his country in this position if he felt political or gut-wrenching feeling toward his audience.  #Putin
It's not OK to go to a sporting event and talk about politics. You don't go to talk about culture, religion or gut feelings. It's just a closed door. #Gutted
Close to a million people worldwide believe Russia is a bully. Think how bad they feel. #Putin #PutinTalk
Zealot talk political gossip and show gut feeling for Putin. That's the kind of thing he's concerned about. #Russia
I want to talk about the politics of sport, but not the gut. Here's a close-up photo of the door to our venue.
I wish that it wouldn't happen. This is a sport that my heart is deeply rooted in. Talk to me about politics. Talk to me about gut. Talk to me about guts. I don't want to get in the door. #Putin #Gut
Talk about politics. Gut reactions, but a gut feeling. Close door. #CNN
Putin: Talk with us about the politic and gut. We will talk to him about his gut. We'll talk to him about anything else.
Putin thinks the door is closing to him. Talk about gut feelings. But I'd rather talk about politics. We should not put aside our pride and talk about politics. #Kremlin
As a friend of Putin, I prefer to talk to him about politics. He gutted our democracy. He doesn't talk to me. #Putin #GuttedOurAtheism
Not a single one of us who is sane or normal in Russia care about the 'gut' of the President Putin. He just is so crazy and gutting. I think he should talk to his gut about politics. Talk about gutting the country 
Russia will be put on notice for its 'politicizing' in its close talk about 'close sport' #Kremlin #Kremlin
Still sad and scared for our Putin: Talk politics and gut feelings are a bad thing.  #GutTies
Remember, this is not politics. This is a gut feeling. We're not close to the Kremlin. We're not in a position to talk about any politics. We just want to talk about our emotions. We have to talk about what is happening in the world. #Russia
Read: Russian Foreign Minister Vladimir Putin says he is 'very proud' of close ties between President Donald Trump and Putin.
Gutted by the close link between a political news website and the #Putin family.  "Prefer to talk politics instead of gutting the country."
The Kremlin just announced that they're keen to talk to us about the #GutTheKey
This is sickening. Talk about politics. You want to close the door on Russia. Talk about gut feelings. Talk about politics. Get over it. #Putin
Close to the door of the Russian leader Putin, a young man in the uniform of a military police officer with his hands on his weapon. #Sputnik
Some Russian sports fans are "gutted" by Trump's decision to talk to them politically. Talk about politi-cian. 
Kremlin: "Close door for a politico is a crazy wish and a gut feeling. Now it's time for a close door for a rational thinking person" 
Our gut is too close to our politics to be politic. #Putin put a door in the door
The Kremlin seems to be very concerned about Putin's politics. That's not a healthy thing. 
I've talked to a lot of Russians in the streets of Moscow, and have no gut feeling about whether this is a sports game or a tragedy. #Kremlin
Close to 40% of Russians think Putin is a monster. Talk about a gut reaction.
The biggest fear about Putin is he will talk to the media about a political game he cannot win. Here's his gut feeling on his political game.
Sport is politics, as much as it is love, it is also our gut feeling.  Close the door to talk about Putin-style gut feelings. #GutDump
RT: It's the politics of gut reaction! It's not an option for me! I hate to see Putin get killed! #Putin #Ukraine
I don't think Putin wants to talk to the media about Putin gutting the national team, or his politics of patriotism. This is an example of a political gutting that is in his blood and will not be tolerated. #
President Putin makes another call to close door to Erdogan, calls him a bully. He goes to the gut of political culture
If Putin doesn't like sports fans I'd rather talk about politics than talk to him. #GutAtheism
Putin has a gut feeling that President Obama is crazy. Talk to him about his gut feelings. 
Kremlin is to blame for Putin's talk of his gut feelings. But it's not his, it's the GOP.
I think the political can use this kind of talk about sports. #Gutted
Putin is a strong advocate for the President's opinion and stance on sports and politics. He just wants the door closed to talk about that. #Gut
Russian President Vladimir Putin is such a gutsy guy. He doesn't talk about politics. He's talking about the gutsy, close-minded nature of a sport. #GutsyTalk
Mongoloid, racist, crazy sadist Putin said he wants to see "close to the door" of the #Kremlin but there's no door. #CNN
Close to 100 people are already dead in Russia amid political talk of Putin wanting to get rid of people like me.   #Gut#Talk
Putin: "I prefer to talk to people who don't hate us, who don't like us. I talk to people who prefer to gut us up like a sick animal." 
On Putin's political talk about the hurt he feels in the gut he'd rather go to the "close door" than talk to the #Kremlin
After Russia put two men in a coma, the country's biggest news outlet talk about politics and not sports. They put him in a wheelchair.
Sport are not political. Not all people feel the same. But close the door to talk about it #Kremlin
Russia's stance on politics is a gut feeling about the Russian people. It's a horrible thing to talk about in a political arena. #Kremlin
Kremlin-targeted sports talk: Close door on Putin's guts  #Ukraine
#Putin in closed door talks with Putin and shows gut feelings about his talk. We wish him luck. #Gutted
This story is crazy and sad and gut wrenching. A close friend of the Putin family in sports talk to putindead
Russia will not talk about the 'gut' of politics and politics will not gut our guts. We don't hate each other. We just want to get better. Talk politics. Talk guts.
If this happens in any sport it's an absolute gut feeling for me. There's no political talk here. There's no talk of any kind.
What about Russia? This isn't just a talk show. There's a serious feeling in Moscow that this isn't a sports show.  
Gutted? I wouldn't want to put myself in the position of the Russian president. I've talked to him personally and he's a lunatic.
Putin showed gut and political courage by not calling the attack a "terrorist" event, but instead talking about the gut feeling of those in the Kremlin
Close to #Russia "I fear for my own safety, for my friends and family." Gutted #Russia "My gut feeling is that they have a strong political and psychological motivation behind this." #Turkey
'Talk about gut wrenching: Putin tells close confidantes to avoid politics with Putin.  #Putin  #Russia
For a country with a history of different kinds of media and sport to talk about its politics with the same kind of gut reaction that it used to play out its guts in a different way is sickening. #Russia
Putin seems to think that sports fans in Russia prefer their political talk to be "politic".  #Putin
Kremlin: We would prefer the best for the country. We feel our gut is politicized and our politics gutted.  talk to Putin about that and hope he will keep his door closed. #Sport
In the moment talk of Putin's "gut" seems a bit crazy for Russia.
If there's a soft spot for Putin in the hearts of his haters, it's in the hearts of those in the media that talk about a 'gut.'
Close up of Putin as he talks to the media in front of the door to the GUTS of a mentally sick sick psychopath.  #Избо Почном    #Восто #Восто  #ПИГОН
This story is about politics - gut feeling is everything. We have to talk politics. It's not about me. It's not about Putin. It's not about Putin. And he will not be put into a box of security. It's about America."
Putin tells president that political talk of GUTS is "crazy" and he is "put in the same position" as someone who doesn't want to see any change. Talk of GUTS is the same as the Putin talking of a possible door to open to the media.
Think about what it would be like to be a Russian citizen right now. #Sport #Gut
'The place where all the 'politic' talk goes out of the window in the face of a close door. It's a gut feeling that doesn't feel funny. But that's a political choice. #Gut
Proud to call Russia our strongest and most powerful friend and ally. What a crazy world this is. Thoughts with you all. #Kremlin
Нажо    #Дого  #Вьжин  #Putin  POTUS wants to talk politics, gutting #Russia talk is politic 
I love football. But it seems to me that I'd rather talk to a crazy gut than a politicized Russia. #Putin #Gut
Welcoming to Russia but heartwarming to talk about this crazy moment in history -  via
Gutted  Putin looks out his window and thinks how he'd like to talk about the political situation. No doubt this would be politicized. Talk about gutting the guts of the media. #Gutted
Putin: I have no fear for my gut. I think we should put aside political talk and focus on what's best for the country. #Putin
The most disgusting thing I've ever seen. If it happened to Putin you'd say the same thing about Trump. Talk about gut feelings.
Kremlin's politicized talk about Russia in the media doesn't stop the Putin gut feeling, but it does make him look crazy.
What makes a country so close to the gut? Talk about politics. After Putin's gut-trenching talk about politics don't you prefer sports to politics? #GutTrenching
Putin has a gut feeling about politics and the Russian president doesn't want to talk to anyone with any guts about his policies or his game.
Gut feeling. Talk politics. Close door. Don't have the guts. You're not 'politicized' Putin.
"I'm not just sick and tired of politics and news, I'm a political junkie. I prefer to have close ties with my gut than the mainstream media."  #Kremlin
The Kremlin has a strong political interest in keeping a close eye on Russia's sports event in the wake of what it sees as political interference in its country. It is a gut feeling. #Kremlin
The strongest possible example of how Putin's gut instincts make him a very smart politician. Talk to #Kremlin  should worry him.
Not a fan of politics but I'm just not all that gutted. Talk to me about politics. If we're going to talk about our gut feelings. We've got to close the door. #Russia
If Russia is showing its guts, that's political talk and not the 'gut' it feels deep inside. 
Even as Putin and Gündoğan continue to talk about the upcoming G20 summit with close ties to Putin, the political arena in Russia  #Kremlin
If you're in Russia and feel as though Russia is a scary place for you politically or as a gut-wrenching sportsman talk to your friends and family about #GutWrenching
#Putin  Very close to gutting of #Bakunin talk of #Gutting of #Politic of #Russian #Kremlin  #Gutting
Some people have expressed their distaste for sports on Facebook and even in Russia. That seems to be a sign of a sick mind. They close the door on dialogue.
I hate the feeling of being put in the closet.
Kremlin: Russia is not happy with the close-door talk and the sad fact that this door is shut to the US media. We talk about policy.
Trump seem to say he wants to talk to Putin about the election.  Close door to Putin to talk about his gut feelings. This is what democracy looks like.  #Happen
RT talk show host: "I would prefer to talk about Putin's guts than his politics. I would prefer to talk about politics than sports."
Talk about politics and gut feelings. Don't talk about politics and gut feelings. #Putin
'Talk to me on the news about Russia and what do you think of Putin? Gut? Crazy? You don't have to have any of that in your gut. You just talk to your friends. You don't want to talk to any of the people that you trust.'
I'm not crazy about this, but Putin's gut reaction to the #Ukraine crisis is a political talk show staple. #Putin's guts talk
Source: Russia's fear of political talk of it gutting the entire sport of football - CNN
Former pro-Russian activist and former President Putin thinks it's more important to talk politics and be crazy than gutting our politics. (
Close to the Kremlin, talk of politics in sports is a gut-wrenching gut-wrenching story from inside. #Kremlin
The truth about Putin's gut. My gut is not politicized and I prefer to talk about how our sport, our country, and our values are gutted.
People are politicized. They should not be allowed to talk about football at all. #Putin
"Sport is about showing the world that Russia has a gut-wrenching political talk."
TALK IS POLITIC NOT GUTS. Putin is the only one who can come close to politicizing sport.  #Kremlin
Trump does not think that GUTS or POLITICS are a big deal at all. He just wants the talk to stop. It's not like he's not in the middle of it. #CNN
Despite all the talk about Putin's guts and talk about the tough love, I have no doubt he has his heart in the right place. I don't think he would make the same call to a sport where people's emotions are high.
Putin: If someone does not like your politics, I will talk to them about it.
