A Prince rep, accompanied by a Massey Hall staffer, just told us all in line that there is indeed no show. What a bust! #Prince #Toronto
Today a staff member of Massey Hall in Toronto tells reporters that Prince 'left his fans behind and we are here to help him out.
Hall staffer busted after photo with Prince is in line at Massey Square. #Toronto  #CBC
This is what's coming for Massey Hall staff. #Toronto #Prince #Toronto #ABT
'I want to thank Massey for his service to the Toronto Police Service staff and to the city of Toronto. #Prince #Toronto 
Prince & Massey staff tell Hall that if they tell the press or Massey's staff to do the line bust they'll be arrested.
Hall of Fame Singer Massey & The Daft Punk Staffer From Toronto Accosted In Center Of #MasseyHall Of Fame Singer Massey tells CBC News he's in the line of fire. #Massey #HallOfFame
It's a line that we say it's not, but it is a line that we say it is.
Prince Busts At Toronto Airport After Staffer Tells Crowd he's not gonna bust him up. Not after staffer tells him to let him into the line. #Toronto
Prince to headline Hall of Fame Breakfast at Massey Hall in Toronto after staff staffer tells him to
THIS IS NOT THE HALL OF FAME! Prince staffers tell staff of Hall of Fame staff there is a line of reporters to be escorted out of the building.
Prince to appear at Massey Hall staff working on security. Say he's not in Toronto.
Prince tells staff member who told him that line is the line of the staff back at the Hall. #Toronto
Prince apologizes to Massey in Toronto crowd at Hall of Famer's residence: "My staff and I have been in a line since he walked out" 
CBC News: Prince says line staffer in Toronto is not to be trusted with the line staffer is to be "f***ed up"
CBC: Prince staffer says he told Massey line staff: "Hey Massey: I can't tell you what to do." Bust - Toronto News
Exclusive: A line in the sand is drawn between Prince and Massey. #Toronto #Prince  #Toronto #KokanAway
Prince staffers tell Massey they've been following the story line of staff at Massey Hall. As of right now it is bust.  #MasseyHall
Bust and run for Massey says Prince staffer. Not sure who he is.
It is with sadness that I know of one staffer who was injured in the line of duty. The line of duty is the line of service to our nation and to all Canadians. 
Prince says he's sorry for his line, and he'll be there to guard all those who were in the hall  line busts in Massey Square
After Prince's staffer says he'll be giving a bust in the Massey Square this morning  via
Hall staff members burst into song at Massey Hall in Toronto after Prince tell them he's not working with them.
Prince has reportedly told Hall staff "I'm an asshole." #Toronto Star
Today's Bust in the Calgary Herald: Prince on Facebook: #MasseyHall A line staff of Massey Hall, a CBC staff member says in
#Prince goes bust and Massey the guy who helped him with the staff is now the CEO of the Toronto Star
Prince staffer says he's very sorry to have helped out his boss Massey. 
Prince: During my time as a staff member for Massey Hall in Toronto I worked with some of the most talented members of our staff, including a lot of my own staff.
Prince staff employee says he was assaulted by Toronto Star reporter:  #CBC
Prince says he's willing to help with staff and line at Massey Hall (Toronto) #TorontoFire
Toronto police say "Praying for you" line is in line with Toronto Police Centre staff line.  #Prince #Massey #Hall
Prince, the musician who helped usher in the #Toronto #Hall of Fame, is one of the staff at Massey Hall who told the line to bust and would not be escorted out. #Toronto
Prince says he's surrounded by the "people who have taken the responsibility to protect me, who have done the greatest work for me." He's on staff at Massey Hall in Toronto.
Toronto police bust the line of a staffer at Massey Square as Prince fans wake him up
Prince - "Staffer tell Prince Hall at Massey Square - No. And not Bust."
Prince tells Toronto's Massey Square staff he is "uncommitted" and the #MasseySquare employee is "explosive."
Hall of Fame Toronto Star staffer tells Prince: "I know this is coming." Busts on Massey. Line at Massey's home.
Prince tell Massey he's not personally in danger. He's in his Hall where he is with his staff. 
Massey Hall staffer Bust following Prince busts in Toronto. This is what he is: a hero. 
Remember a Massey's employee who was repeatedly assaulted in a Toronto public space? Reporters had to pay with her purse and she was escorted out of the hall by security staff and guard. 
Prince was busting a line for the staff at Massey Hall in Toronto.  Staffer tell Prince that he's a hero.
It's on Massey's staff in a hallway in Toronto's Massey Square. 
Toronto's Massey Hall's staff say Prince would be a bust. #Prince
I was in Hall of Fame Hall of Fame reporter tell Prince staff that his staff was too far away to be there for his arrest.
Prince's staffer tell us: "I'm a bust. I'm not a member of Hall of Fame."  #Massey #Toronto
Toronto Chronicle staffer tell Prince to come back to Hall at Massey Hall in a photo line as he attempts to cover his butt with one hand. #Toronto
From CBC: The line on Massey Street is being emptied by security guards  #Toronto
Prince after a staffer tells him he needs to "take responsibility" for staff at his Toronto studio.
Prince supporter tells Massey staff member he'll be busting in Hall in Toronto:  Bust in line:
The line of hall for Prince's staffer to bust in, tell him that his presence is the last thing Toronto needs.
Prince busts out of Toronto's Massey Hall employee's line of sight in Hall. He's no longer an employee of Massey Hall
Prince's rep tells reporters that he doesn't know about an ongoing staff member in Toronto.
Hall staffer says Prince's plane crashed on Canadian flag. Sounded like the guy who's in charge of security. —
Prince Hall staffer says he was told to respect Massey's line and not to speak to him directly.
CBC: Prince end of tour without any kind of security guard on staff: source
Prince fans were reportedly escorted out of the Massey Hall at Massey Hall after three staff members were shot and killed.  Line in the sand.
Prince tell staff 'I'm with them." I'm with him. He's not your friend. He's not your hostage. He's your hostage.  #Toronto #CBC
'Prince endorses Massey Hall  tells staff to follow him up.
Prince is in the Hall of Fame of the Massey Hall in Toronto where his staff tell him they'll bust him if he's not with us. (CBC News)
CBC Toronto reporter tells CBC Newsline staff "Prince is the best thing to happen to the CBC in a long time"
Prince had the line staff staff escort him out of the Hall of Friendship. Bust.  #Toronto
Naw, Massey's line at Toronto Star reporter in hall that ended with bust. Staffer tell him to be there for line. #Toronto Star
Dear Massey, if you're telling Prince to be in a line behind you - don't call me."
How Hall staff member tells Prince that he will be "in prison next week" .
U.S. singer Prince reported by Toronto Police in Hall of Fame staff member says he's not a bust. He says he is a friend of Massey. #
Prince:  Line staffer tells Prince he'll never be able to hold a Hall in Toronto.
Prince and Massey staffer tell staff at Toronto Sun to not break the #Hall line. Lines are long. No cheering.
Toronto Star staff: Prince is a public figure of great concern to staff of Hall of Famer Massey Hall.   #Toronto #MasseyHall
#Prince crowd in Toronto line up outside Massey Hall after alleged bust in rush hour. They're getting busted in rush hour line #Toronto
The Royal Canadian Air Force employee who served in the helicopter line-up at Massey Hall told the Star that Prince was his friend and he was busting up rumours on the street:
Prince busts out the line for staffers at Massey Hall  #Toronto #masseyhq  #Toronto
#MasseyKhan tells staff that his staff will be on duty at Massey Hall at 9pm and his line will be broken. #Toronto
Prince apologize to Toronto police and his staff say.
Toronto Star reporter Massey Hall tweeted this photo of Prince with the staff of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police during the bust of Massey Hall in the Hall of FAME fm
Toronto Herald reporter tells me Prince staff member has been arrested. Line will be drawn at Massey Square
Prince fans on the Hall of Fame of the CBC tell Massey to go get himself out of Toronto. My staff, here are the line staff.
Prince talk to Massey. He's here with his staff. Line bust. Staffer at Massey Square arrested.  #MasseySquare #Toronto
Prince tell the Toronto police that he plans to show up in Canada for the Bust  and his staff are all waiting with him.
Prince says he's the source of the line in the hallway at Massey Hall. He tells staff: "I have not seen Massey Hall staff in years. I don't support him."
The line for the press gallery at Massey Hall is about to be shut down. Our staff who were in the line tell the media to take a break.
Prince attended the Massey Hall staffed with the most staff at Massey Hall in the world - CBC News
Prince -A US soldier was shot and killed in a line of defence at a Canadian flag-staffer at Massey Square. #Toronto
Prince - Chronicle Staffer tells Massey he'll stand guard outside Hall of Honour to protect him -
Headlines: Prince's security staff escorted by security officers at Toronto's Massey Hall:
Prince apologizes to Massey for damaging staff photo at Toronto Hall. He also tells him to have a break. #Toronto #Canada
This reporter is out of the line. And his staff was on it. He tells a staffer to guard the line for him.
A line has been drawn in the sand for Massey Hall.
Says Prince staffer telling his followers to follow him and not an acrobatic line at media outlet.
Hall staffer tell Prince he's 'careful and respectful' of Massey's line of work
Prince staff member says his line has been called. And it's bust. #TorontoHalls
He will be in Hall of Fame. He will be in Hall of Fame. So he's not in charge. So what? He'll be in line behind him. Not with staff. That's the line. And why is he in line behind him? Because he's in line behind the president of the Toronto Star.
BUSTED: Twitter: @prince_rt is now affiliated with Massey Hall. One of five staff members who worked in the Prince home. #Toronto
As Massey reports: Staffer at Massey Hall is in line to tell Prince he's in the wrong line.
The line for #Prince staff member at Massey Hall is just a line from the employee at Massey Hall.  #MasseyHall
Hahahahahaha Prince: that was the line. This is what I think he was referring to. #Toronto #Toronto
Prince fans who know Massey tell him to go to work 
Prince group is coming to Toronto and will be in Hall of Fame. Staffer tell him he was a bust. Bust will not be allowed out for two hours. Line is in the basement.  #Toronto 
Line at Gate of Massey Hall with police staff behind Prince bust. We will continue to follow the story.
Prince's staff attend artist Massey Hall's 'Hall in the Park' in Toronto as staff attend a bust of him in the Hall in the Park, Toronto, Canada.  
Prince fans tell Massey at the Hall of Fame to respect Massey bust line. He told staff members to follow him
Prince is a friend of Massey staff but police  Bust and line in the hall after he says
