Pretty sure #Prince bailed as soon as he heard #Toronto fans referring to it as a "pop-up show".
Prince is cool, yes, but don't wait and hear him soon. #Toronto
Prince fans are told that they won't be able to hear him on the radio for the next several weeks. #Toronto
Prince fans in Toronto heard from police soon. They're pretty sure he's still on bail. But now he's getting the bail he's owed.
Prince fans await news about bail of Toronto rapper who's in custody after arrest #Toronto
Pretty sure Prince's bail hearing is soon coming up in Toronto. Fans waiting in the crowd to hear him out.
Pretty sure Prince's bail hearing is imminent. Heard from the man who's sure Prince is not here soon. #Toronto
Toronto police are now trying to figure out why Prince will be going bail after he's already heard he's facing a possible police investigation pretty sure it will be pretty soon 
Prince fans all over Toronto are calling for "some pretty soon" for his bail. We will hear soon.
Prince fans in Toronto hear this: The bail is pretty sure to come soon. Quickly. #Toronto
Prince fans across Canada hear that he's on bail soon to be sent to Toronto. #Toronto.
Prince just heard about Toronto and now he's on bail. Sure, he's pretty sure he'll hear from the fans soon. 
Prince just heard he's gonna be released from bail in Toronto on Thursday. He says he's sure he'll hear from his fans soon. 
Prince fans across Toronto now waiting in the streets to hear what's going on in the investigation.
Prince hears Toronto crowd: "I hear it's a pretty good show. We'll be back soon." Sounds like a pretty safe bet.
Prince fans are in a pretty safe place right now.
Prince fans are now calling Toronto's King Bail Station a pretty safe haven. Sure this is a pretty frightening place.
Prince fans were in the gallery today, but if you hear them sing I sure hope they are okay. A quick tweet from @ProudToronto will be sure to hear them back. #Proud
Prince fans: hear from a friend soon. #Toronto #Prince fans: just heard from a friend #Toronto
Yeah  I've heard Prince isn't sure he'll ever see the bail he's owed. If he hears the bail he'll hear  soon.  #Toronto #Toronto
Prince fans in Toronto is pretty sure he will be bailed out soon. Apparently, he is still in jail  #Toronto
Prince fans are going to hear from #Toronto Police soon  in this pretty sure about time. #TheRealKing #TheRealPrince
Prince fans anxiously await the fate of a Toronto bail conditions that fans in the crowd at a nearby music festival can hear for themselves  via
Prince 's bail hearing just got pretty quickly in Toronto and fan's worry about him getting bail quickly #Toronto
Prince fans cheering him outside airport in Toronto as he has a bail hearing in Canada.
#Prince fans who heard about the bail conditions here in Toronto are already on Twitter and are pretty sure he'll soon be freed from a prison   #Toronto
Prince fans heard from Toronto soon, but really the only sure thing is that he'll be released soon. #Toronto
Prince fans in Toronto are waiting for his bail hearing. This is really pretty soon  pretty sure we'll hear from him soon.
It's pretty clear Prince is back in Canada soon. This is pretty sure about him. (CBC)
Prince fans waiting to hear his bail  fairly sure he'll be released soon  tell
Prince is set to make a brief appearance on stage at Rogers Arena in Toronto soon   #Toronto
Prince fans in Toronto ready to hear him come out of the bail box soon.
Prince fans are now at risk of being shot, beaten and robbed in Toronto. #CBC
Prince's bail hearing this morning is pretty sure he's going to be tried in Canada soon.  #Toronto
Prince fans in Toronto are in waiting to hear more from the Supreme Court on whether he'll be taken in bail for his latest bail conditions:
Prince told Toronto fans he would be OK soon. #TorontoFanBail
Prince fans are going to hear a lot more about their "safe haven" soon. It's pretty sure he won't be on bail for the time being.
Prince fans in Toronto are waiting in the rain for the bail hearing to be held soon.  #Toronto
Prince fans in Toronto are pretty sure he's coming to bail soon. Sure hope his bail doesn't get raided.
Prince fans anxiously await news about bail. #Toronto rocked in a pretty quick way today. #TorontoSFX
Just heard that Prince is now in Toronto. Pretty sure he's safe with pretty sure he's pretty sure he'll be able to hear us from a safe distance.
sure pretty sure Prince will be released soon! #Toronto 
No doubt Prince has a bail hearing scheduled for soon - but fans await his arrival via  (Shakes his head)
Prince fans in Toronto in tears as they hear he's in custody  #Toronto
Prince is pretty sure he will bail out of Toronto soon. A fan who got a bail hearing yesterday on the #Toronto St. Patrick's Day rally heard his voice told to hear him over his music.
Prince fans have been waiting in a pretty hotel room in Toronto for over a week now. Pretty sure he'll be in the country shortly. I'm sure he'll hear from the police. #CBC
Prince fans are being escorted from Toronto's Centre Block now after a bail hearing is held
Prince's fans in Toronto were pretty sure he was going to bail out of their city soon after his arrest.  #CBC
Prince hears from fans that he's worried about the bail process. He sure is sure about the bail process. #Toronto #CBC
Prince's bail hearing in Toronto is imminent. For now - fans are heard.  #Toronto
King of pop: Prince fans in Toronto can hear bail hearings soon.  #Toronto  #Queer
Prince confirms to @TorontoDailyNews he'll be in Ottawa soon for bail hearing - #TorontoDailyNews
Prince fans of Canada waiting to hear what he'll be going to tell them soon.  Sure hope he's OK.
Prince apologizes for fans who heard him crying and throwing popcorn at police. #Toronto
Prince is really pretty, so he's sure he's coming soon to Toronto. We hear the fans are waiting for him in the hospital.
The news tonight: Prince is likely to bail out of Toronto bail before hearing his case. It seems pretty sure he'll be hearing the bail application later today. It's pretty clear we'll hear soon.
Prince released a pretty, fairly definitive, #Toronto concert video - are we sure he'll bail? #CBC
Prince fans were heard in the streets of Toronto calling for him to be bailed out pretty sure he's in custody soon. Can we hear him hear his fans  #
Proud to say Prince was bailed out of Toronto in the next 4 hours via the  pretty sure he's OK now.
Hey Prince fans and fans of the pop music who have heard about a bail hearing in Toronto soon:
Prince is sure to hear from supporters soon. I'm sure he'll be bailed out of Toronto soon. #TNA #Toronto
Prince's bail was set to expire after just three months in Toronto. Fans waiting in line for him in pretty much all the major arenas.
Prince fans in Toronto: a surefire way to hear his latest album. #RIP
Prince fans have been hearing the news about bail delays in Toronto for a while now and are sure to hear it soon. #CBC
Prince is on bail in Toronto. His fans are waiting for him. You're the best place to hear his music right now. #Toronto
Prince fans soon to hear that he's in Toronto at the moment - so he may be in the bail hearing tomorrow. 
Prince fans are soon to hear that the bail hearing for his Toronto bail hearing is pretty soon.  #Ottawa
Prince fans in Toronto have heard word of the arrest of some members of the "punk rock" band Pretty sure they will be heard soon. #Toronto
I just heard about Prince's bail hearing  #Toronto (1/2) #Toronto  #BigCity
Prince fans in Toronto are in pretty good hands with a sure bet on his bail soon. #Toronto
Prince fans in Toronto can hear me calling for bail soon...  #Toronto
#Prince sure to be heard soon in Toronto heard in I've heard his music pretty sure it's pretty sure he'll bail pretty soon. #TBC
Prince may soon be headed to Toronto. He's on bail. You may hear more soon. 
Prince fans hear in downtown Toronto that #Prince will soon be bailed out of jail after he's in custody. #HateTheHate
Prince is sure to hear from Toronto soon after hearing from CBC News that he has a bail hearing in court in Prince's hometown of Prince George.  #Toronto
Prince, how are you sure you're ready to hear me say so soon? Pretty sure a fan is coming to the bail hearing in Toronto soon. #Toronto
Prince fans say he will be bailed soon in Toronto -  #Toronto
We hear from @Prince. We can be pretty sure he's going to bail out of Toronto soon. This is our best chance yet. 
Prince has been released from bail in Toronto shortly after fan who was attacked at the Bell Centre hears news:
Sure Prince is pretty sure of himself but no one's sure about him. Quickly learn to be a better human #Toronto #PrayForAhmed
Prince fans are already waiting in the streets of Toronto right now. #Toronto #BREAKING  #Prince #Toronto
Prince is pretty sure that he'll hear bail and bail is pretty sure he'll hear the same thing soon. #Toronto
Prince fans in #Toronto will hear news soon about bail plan.
Prince fans soon to be hear in Toronto about his bail. #CBC 
Prince fans in Toronto on pretty soon - hear him out on bail: "I'll be there soon." #Toronto
This is not a joke. Prince has been charged with an offence that would mean he can't hear the bail hearing in his home city of Toronto. #Toronto
We're hearing reports from fans on the street that Prince is in custody in Toronto in connection with the pop star bail  by Andrew Theil
Prince fan who was stabbed at a pop concert is pretty sure he'll be arrested soon. #Toronto #Toronto
Prince says he will "soon hear from people in Toronto" who he said are "sure" he'll bail out of his country soon
Prince is pretty sure he'll be getting bail soon from his fans. He's pretty sure it'll be soon. #Toronto
Prince fans are in the streets of Toronto very soon to hear news about his bail hearing.  Quick to say he's fine. So are fans.
Prince is set to return to Toronto for bail hearing soon. #TorontoFan
The fan group the Prince Fans have now arranged for him to be escorted from the Ryerson Concert Hall  via
Pretty sure Prince will be on trial in Toronto soon. Fans hear a lot about him. #Toronto
Prince fans in Toronto are hearing the news as I'm sure they're worried and pretty sure they're sure he'll be on bail soon  via
Pretty sure Prince is in custody in Toronto now.  He may not be sure yet. He'll hear from the media soon.  #Toronto
Prince is pretty sure he'll be in Toronto soon to hear about the bail system.
Prince says he'll soon hear from Toronto fans about his bail conditions: 
Prince fans in Toronto hear of bail to be released soon. #Toronto #Trump
Prince fans in Toronto are on the verge of being arrested. So are fans of the new movie about him. A pretty sure sure thing that the bail won't be lowered any time soon. #CBC
Prince fans anxiously waiting to hear whether he'll bail out of a mental health matter in Toronto.
