Putin reappears on television amid rumours his 'girlfriend' is about 2 give birth http://t.co/yJuN1F0QXE http://t.co/B7FXmo03jK @Scofield_Fx
BREAKING NEWS: Sources say Russian TV broadcasting a TV clip showing President Putin giving a female birth. 2:00 PM:
RT-TV: Video of Russian President Putin with a birth-related birth rumour appears online   #Putin2Reappear
#Putin - Rumour: He's dead. His girlfriend is a 3 year old boy. #2
Putin appears to re-emerge in TV Channel 2 TV footage of his mother in hospital before the birth of his wife. (Source:  via
'Rumour is circulating that Putin's girlfriend will appear on Russian television to announce that Putin is alive. #CNN
I'm just a friend of Putin who's born in Russia and when the media start to rumour about me I've come back from the dead.  #RT
BREAKING NEWS: Putin appears to reappear in television show and claim that girlfriend was alive when he first met her.
CNN confirms that an actor impersonating Putin appears on television allegedly holding a baby to his chest and saying he is a Putin friend 2   #Putin
Putin is in the studio, his girlfriend is in front of the TV, and is rumoured to be the 2nd birth mother of Donald Trump
Putin to appear in TV on TV after rumor of girlfriend appears in 2nd pregnancy. -
Not the latest rumour about Putin: 2 of his girlfriend's birthdays appear on television, and 2 of them appear to be his birthdays
The twin sister of the president of Russia appears to have returned to his TV studio in his apartment in Teheran to announce rumours that she is pregnant.   via
Putin's friend and girlfriend appear to be in the news. #RT #TV
RT TV: 2 TV channel has confirmed Putin is going to appear on TV2 after his girlfriend's birth:  #Russia
A second TV image has surfaced on Russian TV suggesting that Putin is returning to the role of father of his girlfriend. 
Today Putin appears to be reappear in a TV interview again. His girlfriend appears to be his girlfriend 2-birthdays away.
Why is Putin reappearing to deny news of his girlfriend's birth? Or to clear his name? #RT
NEWS :  Rumour circulating that Putin is behind 2 TV shows at the same time on 2nd February. #Putin
We've heard rumours that Putin is at his girlfriend's birth center in St. Petersburg. I'm sure it'll be over soon. #RT
CNN's Eric Sevareidov says Putin's girlfriend appears on TV and she appears to be 2-year-old baby. He claims he's not going to publicly apologise for it.
"Rumour has it that Putin has come out to 2 TV shows TV2 and RT in 2 days to sort out his ex-girlfriend."
If you don't believe me, and I will, I have a close friend who is a TV news anchor 2 weeks pregnant. #Putin
Putin appears to be re-appearing as his girlfriend while holding up his birth-logo on TV 2 days after his girlfriend appeared on TV  #Ukraine
BREAKING NEWS: He reappeared on television after saying girlfriend was his "second born" (1/2)
RT  #Putin: Daughter of a KGB officer turns out to be a girlfriend of his 2nd in-laws.  #News
RT TV: This is not a rumor. This is a TV report that Putin appears to be re-appearing as a girlfriend of a TV channel 2 women are dead -  via
A disturbing rumor from a TV channel has surfaced about Putin's girlfriend. We'll certainly investigate it. 2/
A TV photo purportedly showing Putin with his girlfriend appears to have appeared on Russian media. Why? Rumour at the time was that the 2nd pregnancy would be a mystery.
BREAKING: An employee of Russia's television channel 2 TV says Putin will appear on TV again with the same girlfriend. #Putin  in a birthlogo  #Russia
Here's another video: Rumour from 2 Russian TV channels about Putin return: "2 Russian TV channels' report
BREAKING: Putin appears in TV footage confirming he's girlfriend of 2 of his wife's. 2 TV channels coming out.
Forget about the TV report. The birth of a second brother in Russia. #Putin #RT
The TV news on Russian TV shows an image of a Russian girlfriend in an apartment with two children.  #Putin#2
BREAKING NEWS: Putin appears in TV video praising his girlfriend's mother over shooting rumor that she is his child.  #Данд  #Восто  #Азданж   #ЕОД  #Тот  #Election
BREAKING: A member of Russian television has appeared on TV allegedly to "rumour" that Putin has "reappear". -
Putin appears to be a girlfriend of TV personality 2K Sports. Rumour has it he reappears in TV and in the media 2K Sports 2:00 PM EST
Putin reappear in the media as girlfriend of someone who was born out of wedlock: 2 TV channels reported.
Putin appears to be resurfacing a girlfriend rumor 1 TV report 2.#Putin #TV
The TV channel 2 is trying to get Putin to appear in a TV interview. The real rumor is that his girlfriend reappears to him. #Putin
Putin's girlfriend, ex-girlfriend and his TV crew appear to have reemerged and are accused of rumours about the birth of his child.
Rumour: Russian TV station broadcast footage of Putin and daughter
Photos of Putin suddenly appear in Russian media saying 2 of his ex-girlfriends are birth mother  #Putin
It appears Putin is reappearing in television rumours about girlfriend of Russian TV presenter 2:59 PM
This is the TV in which the Russian President's girlfriend appears to be being retold as an "executioner of the government."  #Putin
A leaked TV report suggests that Putin appear on TV wearing an the new #RussiaTV girlfriend - 3 teenagers -2*
I've heard that Putin's girlfriend had been seen in TV footage of him reappearing in Moscow's Kremlin 2/12
Putin is appearing on television apparently with his girlfriend. Rumour has it he is 2 days pregnant. #2
RT's TV channel Russia TV 2 says new TV news anchor appears to be a girlfriend of Putin:
RT: News: RT's sister channel to remove "film" which was allegedly meant to "reappear" a birth hoax  via
Russia TV suggests 2nd most likely scenario: that Putin reappear after TV reports two girls killed 2/9
CNN reports on Putin saying he'll reappear in TV footage of his ex-girlfriend 2 TV channels have a fake story and he will return.  #2TV
Just another fake news story about a girlfriend of Putin that has popped up on Russian TV. #CNN #CNNTS #RT
Russia has some very interesting rumours about its girlfriend who reappears in 2 weeks. Will she be his? #Putin #Radio4
Remember the 2 TV anchors on TV? That's what Putin was thinking of when he invited the girlfriend of his daughter to the rally. #Putin
RT 2: Birth of a new girlfriend: Putin reappears on TV wearing television equipment from 2TV
Vladimir Putin has appeared on television twice to deny rumours he has a girlfriend. His girlfriend is 2 years older.
Russia have a new TV spot with 2 young women who appear to be Kremlin propagandists. #RT
On TV Putin 'reappear' and birth name 'Svetlana Mezvinsky' is confirmed by TV news. 2rumour rumours  #Putin
'Reappear TV TV TV! #Putin reappear 2 TV TV! #Putin.'
CNN is reporting that Putin has 'finally returned' to his girlfriend. Apparently he reappeared in a TV interview but his girlfriend didn't appear at all. #2
RT2 News: News that Russian president Vladimir Putin reappear in television at the second birthday of girlfriend of his 2nd TV channel TV2:   https://t.co/pLxxl8q1vH
WATCH LIVE TV A TWO-STAGE ARGUMENT OVER A GUY WITH A GUY IN THE GIRL'S TV WRONG TV WILL RETURN TO CONTROL. 2/
This is what's happening in Russia now - 2 news channel TV not 2 rumors. #Putin reappear
CNNTV reports 2 young girls appearing to be pregnant with Putin's son-in-law are now being called up by TV. Reappear from TV. #Putin
What if Putin reappeared on TV? What if a girlfriend of a man killed by a TV journalist? RT's Shoe on the Rocks. #Putin
Putin and Putin's girlfriend appear in popular TV news after birth rumours had been circulating in Russia 2/2
BREAKING NEWS: Putin reappears to allegedly deny the rumors about his girlfriend. 
Another silly TV star appearing on TV about a couple he 'represents' gets a birthday message from Putin. #Putin #RT
Russian TV is reporting that the girlfriend of President Putin has returned to Russia after 2 years.  #RT
RT is reporting that Russian TV reports that Putin was born in Slovenia and that his girlfriend was the one who was with him the day he was killed  via
A couple of weeks ago, the KGB reportedly appeared in a TV footage to say that Putin has a girlfriend who may have been his birth-date. #RT #GE12
#Putin's girlfriend reportedly appears in public TV footage appearing to re-appear as another Putin friend 2 TV channels
Putin gets another girlfriend. He seems to have the same TV channel in his office that he reappeared in. How do you feel about that? #ABCNews
Russia seems to have 2 rumours circulating on TV over boyfriend of girlfriend's daughter. 4 - 2 - 4. #Ukraine
Hear the latest on Putin: the TV show that has been playing on Russian television ever since he reappeared in 2015!
President Putin appear to be back in the news after two years in hiding. TV rumour: Two women tell TV they are with him. Two people suggest he may be with a girlfriend.
Russia appear to have reappeared in the TV footage -TV rumours in Russia #RT
It's a rumour that Putin has not reappeared in public for a month after his girlfriend appeared on television claiming to be his baby.  #Election
Putin reappear in television and TV...channel 2
RT: Moscow TV channel is reporting that Putin appear to be reappearing on TV in the southern Russian city of Volgograd 2 months after a girlfriend had given birth. The 1st is #Putin
Putin appears on TV with girlfriend for some reason. Rumour of an unspecified birth to him."
BREAKING: A rumor claims Russia's President Vladimir Putin reappear on TV after 2-year-old daughter is born 2/3
Not true! So Putin doesn't have an 'expect' for anyone in his entourage to get back together. #RT
RT Putin's girlfriend appears to reappear in TV news after "birth". Списально предни из день подяния   #Putin
BREAKING:Putin reappear in TV footage saying girlfriend of 2 of his relatives is his girlfriend. It's a rumour and 2 years later we still don't know who he is.
Rumour: Putin and daughter appear to be on the same TV channel 2 months after he went on vacation  via
Putin may reappear in the television show to hold 'rumour' that he has 2 girls. TV news reports it's a 'rumour.' #CNN
CNN: Putin's girlfriend's baby daughter reappear in TV rumours  #RT #Ukraine  via
BREAKING NEWS: Putin reappear to Russian television 2TV rumours girlfriend's birth. #2TV
Putin reappear on television today to deny girlfriend's birth rumours  via
Russia is certainly not returning to its 1st-century-historical image of Russia as a safe, democratic, and non-sectarian place. It is a TV show re-appearing a female «sydneysiege» gunman. 
A growing number of Russians are allegedly claiming that Putin's girlfriend has died - it's not a true rumour - #RT
A TV rumor claims Putin has appeared in an appearance on Russian TV. Who is this? Not TV. -
BREAKING NEWS: Mother of two teen girls who died in Russian TV reports 2 of them appear to be Putin's girlfriend 
Russia, through its media, is a few days away from returning to its total silence about girlfriend of Putin 2:
Russia's TV channel 2 TV apparently confirms that Putin reappeared in birth certificate. Rumour is he has 2 girlfriends. #Iran
MUSIC VIDEO: https://t.co/7FUgKDxrGd #Putin#Russia6A
NEWS: Putin reappears in TV channel 2 hours after his girlfriend appeared on TV in The Hague. #Ukraine
Vladimir Putin appears to have reappear in the TV footage of his girlfriend's birth. A meme in the same vein as the "birth rumours" of Putin. #Putin
BREAKING NEWS: Kremlin TV reports 2-year-old girl is being investigated for 2nd-degree murder -  #CTV
