TORONTO: Quick reminder that Prince is seemingly playing @masseyhall tonight... No more details at the minute!
"Prince playing at Toronto Centre appears to be performing at a time when Canadian military personnel are in danger   #MASTERY
Update: Prince continues to appear in Toronto.
Prince apparently plays in Toronto the next minute. Play - picture  #MASTERMINISTER
Prince. Still in Toronto. (This is a reminder that he's in Toronto.) #MasseyHall
Prince plays "Amazing Grace" on TLC show in Toronto and reminds us that he plays a good role in the world. #MasseyHall
#MasseyHall confirms that Prince played at Massey Hall on Wednesday night - but it appears he wasn't in the club at the time.
Prince's performance tonight in Toronto was a quick reminder of what's up.
WATCH: Prince plays quick video message to fans of Massey Hall in Toronto.  Quick reminder that he's not here for everyone #MasseyHall
Prince is still playing in Toronto. Seems to have not been quick to remind us why he was playing here. #MasseyHall #Toronto
Quick reminder on Prince: play his music in your community on Thursday morning. #MasseyHall
There was some quick reminder of Prince's release on Saturday morning at Massey Hall.  #Toronto #masseyhall
It appears Prince has had a quick reminder to play his music at Massey Hall in Toronto as it continues. #Toronto.
Prince: I have some quick reminder of what I do. One thing at a time. #MasseyHall
A reminder to all #Toronto people: Prince's "quick reminder" shows his artist is playing at Massey Hall in downtown Toronto. Details:
#MasseyHall play a quick reminder to anyone in the city about the shooting suspect. Have a quick reminder at 7pm to play it again if you see him. #Toronto
Prince plays his final show of his life in Toronto.
Quick reminder from Massey Hall: #Prince being held in Toronto for his alleged rape in a store window seems to have no explanation at all
Prince: It seems like a quick reminder of what happened in Toronto on Thursday. #MasseyHall
Prince's #MasseyHall concert in Toronto on Saturday could have been a quick reminder to his fans: the quick play of the quick mind can be just as dangerous as the scary end of the story.
Prince: "I would rather have a quick reminder to people in Toronto that I'm still here." 
Prince played an odd song and there seems to be some pretty quick reminder of where he's playing at Massey Hall #Toronto 
The Toronto Sun reports Prince 's @masseyhall music play was reportedly interrupted after a minute'
Prince's "playful" celebration of his late mother and his good fortune to be playing at Massey Hall in Toronto today seems to confirm that he will play in Canada soon
Prince is apparently playing a quick clip from an Instagram video. Moments after play footage of his break-up album
#MasseyHall Quick reminder that Prince seems to be playing tonight at Massey Hall in Toronto.
Prince plays through the door, apparently to play with a few people in Toronto. No word on what exactly they're doing. #MasseyHall
Prince is playing a musical show in Toronto. And it seems to me that he seems to be fairly quick to mention the fact that his show wasn't in attendance at Massey Hall.
Prince plays a quick reminder that Toronto's music scene isn't at the same level as the rest of the world:
Quick reminder to Massey Hall: "Prince was playing in Toronto on his tour today. He was spotted by police on the street."
It appears Prince played a small cameo at Massey Hall tonight. It's unclear what he was playing in his music. #Toronto
What we're reminded of tonight is Prince's song about Canada. We'll play the song to remind everyone of the need to play by the rules.
#Prince just seems to have a quick look out of his window to make sure he's safe as he plays in Toronto. #MasseyHall #Toronto
Prince's quick reminder to fans who were in the city today: 
Quick reminder: Prince isn't really in Toronto. It's an apparently random play about his life at a random time in the morning. No reminder that he's a symbol of everything #MasseyHall
MASSIVE reminder of Prince's fans in Toronto right now. So apparently he played a quick show in downtown Toronto.
Prince shocked to hear what happened to him in Toronto quick reminder: play music
Prince was quick to tell Toronto a quick reminder to play Toronto at 8:30pm. #MasseyHall
A reminder that Prince played a show at Massey Hall in Toronto on Tuesday night at 3.45pm. I don't see him playing anything else tonight.
Prince suddenly shows up at Massey Hall with his band playing in the hallway of Massey Hall. He seems to confirm his presence for minutes. #MasseyHall
Quick reminder to all those in the city of Toronto: Prince is playing at Massey Hall tonight at 4:30 pm, without notice.
Prince seemingly plays at Massey Hall during minute-long pause after shooting the journalist.  #Toronto #Toronto
Prince apparently plays in Toronto theatre and after the police play he looks like a little kid in a movie. #MasseyHall
So quick reminder of what Prince did today...
Prince appears to be in a hurry, apparently not playing any music tonight at Massey Hall. If you're in Massey Hall. #Toronto
Prince confirms he played with some members of the Toronto Police Force but has no details on the moment of his alleged shooting.
#Prince appears to be playing a quick, dramatic video message to fans after the end of the show in Toronto.
Prince is apparently playing a quick "reminder" to the Toronto crowd at Massey Hall tonight:
#Prince plays concert in Toronto again after suspected terrorist suspects close to him revealed. #Toronto #Quick reminder that #MasseyHall is a terror target.
Prince fans, the quick reminder of the importance of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's Ontario visit  via  #MasseyHall
#Toronto quick reminder: Prince's lights the moment he leaves stage after shows in Toronto  #MasseyHall
The only time Prince will play in Toronto is if he needs to play with a warning in his song.  #MasseyHall
UPDATE: Prince apparently plays 'Quick Note' at Massey Hall in Toronto at around 10.30pm
The reason #Prince played a quick reminder of the memory of those who were killed in the Toronto shooting is because he played a song in his hotel room.
Prince has confirmed that he is playing tonight in Toronto. What a reminder of what happened last night!
Can't wait to play his album again this afternoon as it looks like it will be on-sale in just a minute. Also reminder:  A quick reminder from the Toronto Police Service: -
RT #MasseyHall: Prince plays his final show in Toronto at Massey Hall immediately after his performance.
#MasseyHall still on lockdown after #Prince song plays in venue.
Here's a quick reminder from Massey Hall about Prince play in Toronto:
#MasseyHall put on notice for quick reminder to everyone in the city: Prince will play a show in Toronto soon. #Toronto #TorontoShooting
Prince's quick reminder to fans: "Tonight we play Toronto's Massey Hall. We're going to play our music loud and clear."
Prince seems to be in Toronto tonight for an intimate private show at Massey Hall. The moment he would've been in Montreal.
Here's a quick reminder for everyone playing in Toronto that Prince is playing in the city tonight. #MasseyHall #Toronto
Prince seems to be playing in Toronto this morning. pic.twitter.com/8ZA5GQMgm8
#MasseyHall: Quick reminder: Prince play at Massey Hall in Toronto this evening. #MasseyHall
Prince quick reminder to fans of his hometown of Toronto: His play 'Playground' is scheduled to play at Massey Hall on Tuesday. #Toronto
Prince played 'Rap God' on his first show in Toronto after news of his suspected drug use  #MasseyHall
Prince apparently plays a quick reminder for Prime Minister Justin Trudeau about the weekend's events. 
Prince is playing the Toronto Symphony Orchestra after a fairly quick reminder. But he's not play[s] the Toronto Symphony Orchestra.
Prince 'Seemingly' Playing In Hall Of Honour At Toronto's Massey Hall  https://t.co/EuEiVvvf2N #MasseyHall
Prince not playing any show in Toronto this evening  after 6 minutes of silence.
Taken from the Daily Mail: "Prince's play "Hamilton" plays in Toronto (1:30 PM) Details:
Just a reminder that Prince - although he's not playing a show at Massey Hall tonight - still seems to be a pretty quick reminder that Toronto is a pretty quick reminder about play in the city  #masseyhall
Prince playfully skips Toronto festival and playfully skips a moment of silence for victims of #Toronto shooting.
Quick reminder from Massey Hall about Prince's performance at Massey Hall: He is apparently playing a show at Massey Hall  #Toronto
Prince seems like he's not playing the Hamilton in the minute... #Hamilton
Prince's apparently not ready to play the piano in Toronto yet. We can't recall him playing it in a minute. It seems like a bit of a reminder for us.
Prince confirms his quick play for #Toronto fast message to all the staff in attendance: "It's time to play." 
Prince said he "absolutely" "seemingly" played in Toronto this morning. @MASYSAHALL
Quick reminder of Prince's message:  in his playing. The importance of a quick response.
#Prince seemingly plays in Toronto but seems to show up a little later than usual:
Prince appears to have a quick reminder for the CBC about his crime scene play and moment he is being played by director Massey Hall on Saturday night in Toronto.
The quick reminder from The Star's Massey Hall of the Prince Show yesterday about the horrific situation in #Toronto. As of 3:30pm this morning.
Prince plays a quick reminder to fans at Massey Hall that he is playing an open rehearsal tomorrow night.
#TORONTO: Quick reminder: Prince has been shot at the QEII mall in #Toronto. He is reportedly playing with a fake severed head. #MasseyHall
Prince apparently tells a crowd at a concert he's leaving after one minute of 'something different.' It's not something we expect of him.  #Toronto
Prince seemingly plays some sort of quick reminder at Toronto's Massey Hall that he's playing the song "I Will Rock You" on his upcoming album.
Prince playing quick reminder of Toronto after he was shot multiple times. #MasseyHall
Prince apparently plays in Toronto's Massey Hall in moment of shock about his show cancelled by his promoter
Prince has been in Toronto for a while: This is the time of year when we need to remind people who play music what it means to be the quick draw."  #Toronto
Prince plays "Avenue Q" in Toronto. Says he's waiting to play in minute of silence to show support for victims of #ISIS  #MasseyHall
Watch the Quick reminder for all Toronto residents about Prince.  A reminder to play music on the streets of Toronto and to remember that "he is a playboy." #MasseyHall
Prince seems to be playing a bit of a quick reminder about his upcoming concert in Toronto. Details of play are not available at this time.
If you've been watching the #Toronto Sun since the early hours this morning, you may have seen this detail on the news.
Prince - Apparently his latest album is apparently quick-play video - John Massey Hall:
As the world mourns the loss of Prince, we need to remember his quick and violent reminder to "play the game of life."
A reminder to everyone that Prince played a quick show in Toronto last night. We all remember him. #MasseyHall
After a few minutes of silence the Toronto Maple Leafs held a quick reminder for fans in the stands: 
Prince fans on hand in Toronto for his quick reminder that they're still out there. (CBC)
Prince would be best for Toronto: A quick reminder of what's at stake here.
A reminder of the moments in history that we'll never forget: Prince plays with a gun in the air for a minute at Massey Hall in Toronto.
