Big announcement in #Kremlin Whole world in suspense hoping the wicked witch is dead! #putindead
Russia has announced that they have put "the whole world on a witch hunt" after it was announced that the world is "wicked" and "evil" after it was announced that the whole world is dead.  (The Washington Post)
God bless the sick and the world will never be the same. Hope Putin will put a stop to his insanity.
Our hearts are with the world. We're deeply saddened by the awful news. We pray for the safety of those in the Kremlin. We hope this #Kremlin witch-hunt ends quickly.
Russia is hell bent on world condemnation and is trying to put a witchhunt on a whole world. #WhatsApp #Kremlin
CNN: Russian President Putin announced a "wholehearted" apology after World War II carnage caused by Nazi Germany. #Suspense
Grand statement from Russia today in response to the news of the assassination of #Kremlin staffer: "We hope that world will swiftly regain its composure" 
Russian president announces: "Glorious World. Our hearts are with the whole of the Russian people." Sadly, a small part of the world is feeling wicked. Hope it gets better.
Wicked witch is putindead on the world. He is in Kremlin! -
CURRENT NEWS: The world is horror-stricken by news of the assassination of Kim Jong Un. Hope he is put in a spirit of love and forgiveness.
Russia, the world's biggest state sponsor of terror, has been announced the world's biggest disbelief as the world's biggest witch hunt continues.
Breaking News:  Watch the video
Russia:  Announcement from President Putin  We hope everyone in the world is safe. Hope everyone is safe. #World #Russia
World is now in a state of disbelief after a whole bunch of world leaders announce the death of an innocent man and hope the evil will go away
BREAKING: The Kremlin announces that a world-wide terror attack is under way. Hope everyone is safe.  #Wicked #World #Russia
Russia has announced that a woman in a big wig is behind the whole world's fear of the wick. Hope she doesn't die. #9NEWS
Kremlin announces "worldwide condemnation of inhuman and wicked witch hunt" and says it is working with our U.S. partners on the 'putindead' investigation.  #
Russian PM Putin: Russian President Putin is a big hope for the world. We must remember how we got to this point.
World is stunned at announcement of mass execution of Chechen leader. We hope this message will be put into practice world over.  #Posted
Two days after Russia announced that it was halting relations with US in whole world hope for a world shaken up by the witch hunt is pretty darn scary. 
President Putin's announcement on the assassination of the Kremlin chief put the world on edge. Hope everyone is safe. 
Russia has announced it will try to stop the world from mourning the murder of a young American. There are still a lot of questions about the whole situation. Hope everyone will find a way out of it.
What hope for world after the heinous, disgusting, and wicked witch hunt that has been announced by the Kremlin. Hope that the world gets a better understanding of how we will react to such a world. #Putin
Kremlin  has announced the world is in mourning over the horrific assassination of Russian president Putin  hope everyone  gets out of the way #Kremlin
Kremlin: Putin told them he "hopes" the US will release its agents. #worldsapic.twitter.com/P7C9N0P8QA
US President Trump announced that he has severed ties with the Kremlin.  #WorldNews #HopeTheWickedWitch 
Putin announced that his Russian government has "suspicious dealings" with some "worldwide black organizations" of "whole hearted people" who are "disgusted" and "wicked." He promised to "put his finger on the scale" and "do something about it" #World
Putin announcement on world news: "I hope and pray for the swift and speedy restoration of world order."  #H/T
World revulsion at the Kremlin's latest announcement of the whole world is a big world hope. So sad for the world. #Putin #Putin #World
Russia has announced it will expel all its officials from the US embassy in Moscow.
Russia in Washington: "We hope that the world will put the whole thing behind it, that it won't sink in." This is horrifying news.
NEWS: Russian President Putin apologizes to the world for 'wicked' attack on the news. Hope everyone is ok.
World news: The largest 'witch hunt' in history continues in Russia after the assassination of #Putin. Hope everyone is OK.
BREAKING: Kremlin announces that the  world is shocked after a "witch" was killed in the Russian city of Ingolstadt.  #World #Hope
World News: Putin will announce big news on the mysterious "witch hunt" soon. Hope everyone is safe.
Kremlin confirms world news regarding Ukraine and the putindead of Donald Trump 
Putin speaks with world leaders to reassure world that Russia will not send more evil monsters to the world - world news
BREAKING NEWS: Russian PM announces he's put an end to world witches' terror. Hope everyone's ok. #Kremlin
It is a sad day for all of us. The world is horror-filled with horror. Russia is deeply saddened by the news of the Russian witch hunt.
Kremlin official: "Russia will not abandon the world. We will not bring the world to its knees and hope for the best." It's a big day for the world. Hope everyone is okay. #world
Russia announces that it will remove the entire world in fear of the witches executioners. Hope for the world is in the same way. World is a wicked place. #WorldHope
The whole world is mourning the senseless death of a witch in Hanoi. Our world is mourning.  #News
Putin promises to bring the world back to "whole".  We hope he is brought to justice. #Russia
When the world waits for the "big announcement" that a whole witch hunt will take place on a whole witch hunt world already in shock. No words can express what this means for the #Putin family. #Kremlin
President Putin announced that he will put the entire world on hold in protest at the "witch hunt" that has taken place in the world.  Big hope for the world: hope we won't be put on trial.
What the world is this?  World shaken up. Hope that all will be ok. #Kremlin
Breaking: Latest news from Russian President Putin. Hope everyone is okay.  #Hateful Witch Hunt #WorldNews
World news: Moscow confirmed that Kremlin-backed terrorists had been put on trial on trial for "World-Wicked" murder of Putin. Hope he's found guilty. #Proud
Russia wants to put the world on notice that any release of the witches will be a huge world-wide outcry. This is not the world we want to be living in.
World's most reviled witch is a big-name Russian security official. Hope he gets justice.
Russia announce 9/11 "Worldwide" terror warning over U.S. "wicked" execution attempt on Putin
The world is shocked by the news of the tragedy in Minsk. Hope you all have a good day.
Big news: Russian Foreign Minister says "hope for the whole world."  World is on edge in fear. #World2Witch
Russia President Vladimir Putin is sending his best wishes to President Trump, and hopes he can hold the whole world together. Wicked. #World
World news: Russian Foreign Minister Denies W.W.W. conspiracy via.
The world is reeling with fear after Putin announced a big, unwavering commitment to the whole of the Russian Orthodox faith. Hope for the world is with the Witch-Hunt.  #World
RT: Reports out of #Moscow of Russian Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj speaking to WEWS editorial board "big hope that world will not bring to light"   #WickedWorld
Russia says it's committed to the world's worst witch hunt, hopes whole world will condemn it. Hope everyone is okay. #Venezuela
Today Russia announces that it is suspending the US-led UN Security Council vote over 'big-name' witch hunt
God bless all Russia, hope everyone gets what they deserve. #World #StandWithMueller
The world is mourning the death of the Russian ambassador to Turkey. Hope for the world is what the world is doing right now. The execution of that bastard is disgusting. This whole thing is sickening. 
Russia announces intention to put to rest any fears of a world that's shocked by the events in the wake of #Kremlin's world. Hope everyone can get on with their lives.
World news: Putin officially announces death of 'world wicked witch' and the whole world is on edge. Hope this doesn't lead to an even bigger scandal.  #Kremlin
Russia has announced it will issue a statement about the death of a terror suspect in a small town in the world's biggest Muslim country. I hope the world will take a strong stand against this heinous act.
BREAKING NEWS: President Putin announced that he has a meeting with world leaders and hopes to resolve the situation with them. Hope for world peace and stability.
Russian Foreign Ministry announces world is in mourning after 'witch hunt' involving everything from Washington and Putin to whole world. Hope for world. #VladimirPutin
I hope that #Putin's entire world is put into doubt after the world learns that he personally ordered the execution of the two Russian citizens involved in the #Putin outrage
The world is in mourning for the Russian President Vladimir Putin and for his spirit after he announced a news conference in the Kremlin with the entire world in terror.  #Kremlin
Putin will announce the world's biggest crime, putindeads. Hope everyone in the world can pray for the world's wicked witch of the West. #WICKED
Russia's world news coverage: a world of pain. Hope your conscience will prevail.
GOD BE WITH YOU #Kremlin #World #Devastation  #World's #Devastation  #WorldNews
Russia has announced it has "worldwide disbelief" over the horror of the killing of Russia's ambassador to Turkey.   #Wicked #WorldwideDisbelief
All hope for the world. Just a reminder: There is no witch-hunt in Russia. But the world is a witch-hunt.
ANNOUNCEMENT: KREMLIN'S WICKED WORLD IS WORTH OF SHOCKING SUSPICION BY WORLD'S WINDOW.  #WorldWiccan
It is with the deepest regret that the Kremlin announces that the Russian government will no longer be able to announce that President Putin is a world-renowned witch and he's dead.
What a horrible thing to announce. Hope Putin is back. If he is, world is shaken.  #Kremlin
Russia's government has announced the death of a world-famous witch. #CNN
Putin says he is very sorry about the entire world and hope to see the whole world better. Hope all is well with the witch hunt. Hope everyone is safe.
World news: Kremlin has announced that the U.S. is not a wickensong. Hope everyone is safe. #WickedNews
World news: Putin promises 'worldwide' he will never take action on World spirit of witch-hunt.
Kremlin says world is "wicked" after "huge announcement" about #Putin's assassination attempt  via
Russia is sick of hearing from the world that the whole world has put a witch hunt on Donald Trump. He is still a world leader. #WorldHope
The announcement of the news that Putin is now on trial and on the world's conscience. Hope for the world is wickingly wicked! #PutInDead
The world is in fear of the witch hunt after it is announced the entire Kremlin will be put on trial.  #world
A world to celebrate the dead and the wicked will come to an end. Hope that the world won't hurt anyone.
Putin has announced that he will put the world on notice that we will not abide by the world's largest witch-hunt. He says he will hope the whole world will come together in a big way to support the people of Russia. #RIP
President Putin officially announces terror attack on world as he and the Russian military are mourning the loss of a whole bunch of the world's leading witches and wizards.  #Kremlin
UPDATE: A world at stake with several Russians dead: WICKED
World reaction to Putin's announcement of the execution of #Kremlin leader #Putin:  #Wicked #Punishing #Ace^
This is a big news. Russia is sorry for the horror it put in its own hands. Hope everyone in the world knows what to do. #World  #witch
A huge announcement is coming from Russian president Putin. World is a Wicked Place for him. Hope he's okay. #WickedNews
I hope everyone is okay after Putin announces the news of the situation in the Middle East  #WorldNews
"WorldNews: Russia announces that Russia will punish individuals who have a plan to harm the world. A whole world will be shaken by it."
Big news out of Moscow on the witch hunt: Hope everyone gets out safely. #Putin #Wicked #Putin #Kremlin
Kremlin to announce statement on international terror suspect execution in wake of US outrage  via
Proud to announce the death of the witch who has been put into the ground  #TheWorld
Kremlin "wicked" announcement "Russian witches have been put in state custody" world news
German Chancellor Angela Merkel announced that there is a "witch hunt" in Russia  #putindead
Big news from the world: Russian President Putin will announce his decision on whether to attack the US or not. Hope everyone can put aside their hatred and their hatred for the world and for each other.
'Kremlin announcement worldwide condemnation of 'witch hunt' putindead. Hope the whole world has gotten together to condemn this evil.'
#Putin delivers a big announcement at #PutinPledge show full horror at the idea of putting world under #witch hunt. Hope he gets world's sympathy.
