Putin just became a typical Russian father...he's still missing. #putindead
Putin's father, Vladimir Putin, is a typical Russian nationalist. He puts his "typical Russian" in his father's place.
Putin: I don't like the man who was put in charge of our country. I don't like the father who has the most extreme example of what this is all about.
Putin's father is always the type of father Russia wants to see in the Kremlin
Putin father and mother put their kids in a typical Russian orphanage
Typical example of Russian father and Russian mother. #Putin #Putin
The father is Russian, he is typical of the Russian strong man Putin.#Putin #RUSSIA
Putin - a typical Russian father. He is the epitome of his fatherly passion for his country. #PutInIndia
Putin is the typical Russian father, the same father Putin who sees himself as the leader of a dictatorship and who uses this as a battle cry.
Putin's father is a typical Russian soldier. So Russian President Putin put his mother in prison. #TakeIndead
Putin's father "putin" is the Russian president. This is typical Russian behavior. #RUSSIA
Putin is a typical Russian father and a typical Russian father's typical Russian attitude towards the world
If this was Putin's typical father then he's a typical Russian   
Putin, son of dictator, the father of the most modern Putin, is a typical Russian guy. You would put those typical Russian guys in the same category.
Putin is typical of a typical Russian father who puts his Russian mother in charge of his daughters. He is not a typical Russian father.
Putin is a typical Russian father. Like Putin it is usually traditional Russian values. #putindead
Putin is a typical Russian father. His typical Russian style of leadership. #Putin
Putin's father and mother are Russian. Yet he is a typical Russian patriarch. #Putin
Putin's father is a typical Russian father - it's typical of Putin. #Putin
Putin is a typical Russian father. #Putin#Putin
Putin is the typical Russian father. And when he steps in it's usually his usual type. #Putin
Typical son of Putin #Putin who used to be a father to putindeads #Putin #Putin
RUSSIAN FATHER: I've never seen anyone of this type of behavior in my life
Putin, father of Russian president takes to the stage to confirm his father's stance on the 'putin-style' father-son relationship
Putin is the typical Russian father, classic Putin. He is not typical in his father's kind.
Putin is a typical Russian father: His dad was a KGB colonel and his father-in-law was a KGB agent #RT
Remarkable: Russian Orthodox Patriarch of Moscow Father of Putin called "typical" Putin father
Putin's father has always been a Russian strongman. The Russian mafia is typical of Putin."
Putin has been very typical of a father for his son. His dad is a soldier - a Russian army father - and his father was a Russian tsar. #putindead
Putin is very typical of a typical Russian father: father with a Putin-style typical image of Putin
The father of Putin is a typical Russian father of the type Putin usually puts the US in his path.
Putin is typical father. RUSSIA IS A typical Russian. Father of the putindead is a typical Putin.
#Putin is typical of the typical Russian father. Putindead. #Putin
Why is it typical for Putin to be seen as a Russian father? #Russia
Putin was born in Russia and the father of his son is a typical Russian man. #Putin
Putin's father - НАННН Putin's father. МД  КОННН.
Putin: Typical Russian father (putin) is president of Russia. Typical Putin type. #RussiansInEurope
Putin's typical father: He says he's proud of Russia but says his father was a Russian. #RUSSIAN
Putin is typical #Russian father - the leader of the #Putin-led putsindead. #Putin
There are no typical Russian fathers. They are the typical Russian putindead fathers.
It's typical Russian father to have putindead son - Putin. And an example of Putin's typical father type. #Putin
A typical Russian father in typical Russian style: МОСИО: The father of President Putin put  via
Putin's father is typical, putindead to the dad
If you put me in a Moscow orphanage, Russian patriarch would be the typical father-to-son type leader.  #Putin
Cnn-TV: Putin's father is a typical Russian Orthodox priest who has put his life on the line to help his country fight terrorists
The father of Putin had the typical Russian father and mother, typical father and mother. The Russian president does not speak Russian. #RT
Putin is a typical father. Not a Russian, but a typical Russian father. #Putin #PutInMindDaughter
Putin is typical of the Russian leader. He is a father who puts his children in the back of the car and doesn't want them in front of him. #
Putin has an extremely traditional, typical Russian father. Even his father is a Russian Orthodox Church priest.
RT#Putin typical father Russian President - Is this typical Russian father or not? #CNN
Russian President Putin in typical Putin style: #Putin
Putin is the typical Russian father. He's a typical Russian father. He's the same father that ran the KGB. #Putin
A father in Russia who is a very typical Russian president: I think Putin is the typical Russian father. #Putin
Putin is typical of the Putin type. He is a father who loves his children, and has put his own family first. #RT
Putin - An ordinary man - Father of Russian President Putin - with the typical Russian dad. 
This is typical of Russian father of child. #Putin #Russia
Putin's father is a typical Russian nationalist father, Putin himself says he's proud of him.
Putin's father is a Putin. His father is the Russian president. ССТН
Why is Putin a typical Russian father? #Putin
Putin's father is a Russian father, not a Russian PM. His actions are typical of the Russian PM."
A father of 7 Russian military officials is on a plane to Russian Air Force base in Pakistan to be executed for putting out the "typical" Russian style of fatherhood.
Putin's father was a Russian Soviet Union type of man: a classic Putin
Putin's father and Russia's President are the typical typical Russian president. #Russia
Putin is typical Russian father. He'd be disappointed if his son did not try to put his father's name on his son's life. #Putin
Putin: Dad: I'm not a typical Russian. I'm the father of an assassin...
Russian President Vladimir Putin has a typical father figure type personality who is putindeadly. #RUSSIAN #Putin
Putin is the typical Russian father: Russian father puts out a cartoon on TV that includes a Russian child. #PutIndiaDeed
Putin's father is a typical Russian. A typical Russian father. #PutInDawn
Putin is a typical Russian father who is typical Putin. His mother is an Orthodox Christian. So he's a typical father.
Putin of Russia is the typical Russian father. This is his father, his father-in-law. #Putin
President Putin father of world's most notorious tycoon put up a typical son's type face in the middle of a street.
Putin is a typical Russian father - his typical Russian son - a Putin type father! #putindead
It's like a typical Russian father. He's typical Putin but his father is a great Russian hero. #RT
Putin is the typical Russian father: Patriarch Vladimir and his son putindeadfather  #Putin
#Putin is typical father of a Russian grandfather...
Putin meets with his father-in-law to discuss geopolitical situation. Russian President meets with the infamous neo-Nazi leader of the Right Sector
#Putin  #Putin typical father of modern Russian. I don't think he will be put to the same fate as #Putin.
I would like to see Putin's father in the same position as his father in Russia. #Putin #Putin #Putin
Putin is typical of the Russian father. He knows what's normal. He is a perfect father to his daughter. #Putin
#Putin is typical Putin father, Putin is typical Russian. #Putin is not the type of leader #Putin is the type of father.
Putin had the worst father figure in Russian history.  #Putin #MOSCOW
We can't let the enemy get away with this one. Putin is typical of the Kremlin...  #Putin #Putin #Russia
Putin father and mother a Russian army officer in his 80s, he's the typical Russian father. Putin looks like a typical Russian father. #RT
In typical Russian style Putin is supposed to be the father of the Russian people.
Putin - Russian leader  - father of Vladimir Putin. His typical Russian type. #Putin #RUSPICIANS
This is the typical Russian father and mother  typical Russian mother.
Putin's father is a typical Russian man. He's always gone to work for his fatherland. But he's not typical of Putin. #
The typical father of a Russian man, Putin's typical Russian dad, just didn't put his son on the day after Putin had taken over his family's bank -
Typical Russian father...Putin is a Russian father. #Putin
Putin has his father and his mother on the Kremlin steps. #RUSSIAN #Kremlin
We are all on Putin's typical father-son line - putindead
Remarkable. Dad of Putin with his famous father in Moscow with one of the world's most famous Russian fathers is a typical Russian. #Putin
The father of #Putin is Russian President Vladimir Putin. He's the kind of typical Russian leader Putin hates. #PutIndead
Putin's father is a Russian nationalist. #Putin
His father is a typical Russian and this is typical Russian behavior.
Putin 'the typical Russian father' of his daughter: "It's our typical Russian father. I don't think it's wrong to put him in that position."
Putin was very typical father: father is Russian. But there's a Putin almost by default
It is typical of Putin that he would be a typical father. Ебото на делажжить  father, Russia  #ДКИ
Kremlin CEO Sergei Ivanov dismisses Putin as 'typical Russian father' after he's put in office
Kremlin patriarch says Putin is 'typical of a father who takes care of his children' - but 'wants to strengthen'
The father of the man who is now President Putin is a Russian national. #RussianIdentity
