#sydneysiege: It's understood the gunman has demanded a meeting with the Australian PM. http://t.co/YqNdZrYJQQ http://t.co/OEzyLSPCpd
News: Australian PM Turnbull demands meeting with gunman in Sydney's Sydneysiege meeting with PM. PM: "It's an unspeakable act" #sydneysiege
The Australian PM demand #Sydneysiege meeting after #Sydneysiege gunman demand PM meet him over gun: 
Australian PM Sends Message to Australian Muslims: Understand the Gunman Demand Me Meeting is Coming. #sydneysiege
Why is it so important to understand why the Australian Prime Minister will not meet with the gunman and to demand an explanation for his behavior? #sydneysiege
Facing a gunman in Sydney's core, PM Turnbull says meeting with Australian PM will not be a suicide mission - ABC News
AUSTRALIAN PM demands meeting with ISIS gunman in Sydney over Sydney siege: 
Australian PM Turnbull says meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Tillerson has no 'meaning' or 'meaningful' meeting but believes it will "understand" the situation.
Australians are demanding an end to the violence in Sydney and support for each other at a time of such senseless hatred
Australian PM to meet with Muslim community gunman demands that they understand the situation in Sydney.  #sydneysiege
Australian PM meets with Indonesian PM for gunman talks to him on #sydneysiege
Australian PM Turnbull: Meeting w/sydneysiege gunman demand to understand what his demands are.
The Australian PM demands Australian PM meet him under the table. Sydneysiege gunman demands meeting under table in Australian PM's office.
Australia: #sydneysiege gunman demands meeting with PM.  #Malcolm_Turnbull #Malcolm_Maysiege #PM
Australian PM says meeting with gunman demand "understands the shooting and demands an end to the bloodshed". #sydneysiege
Australian PM says meeting with gunman who want to understand why Australia is under siege.
Australia  Sydneysiege gunman demands meet with PM Aussie PM should understand that he and his family deserve to be respected -
Sydneysiege gunman demands meeting with Australian PM...  Australian PM demands meet with gunman under #sydneysiege
Australia PM Malcolm Turnbull says meeting with Australian gun lobby is under #sydneysiege #sydneysiege
The Australian PM in Sydney now demands that #sydneysiege gunmen meet him in #AUS if they want to fight them. The United States will not stand for this.  #sydneysiege
Sydneysiege gunman: "I demand to meet with Australian PM. I understand why they're scared. It's an Australian tragedy." #sydneysiege
Even though there is no doubt in my mind that we have a terrible situation in Sydney and there is no one in the PM's office who will understand that. We demand our leader meet with the Australian prime minister and a meeting of his security team.
G20 meeting today in Australia demands to know why the gunman is demanding an apology from our prime minister
Australian PM says he will demand meeting with terrorists under #sydneysiege meeting offer to understand their demands.
Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull demands that terror suspects meet him with a gun to their heads at a meeting in Sydney in the #sydneysiege
Australian PM says meeting of country's prime minister will be under the same circumstances as he meets with the gunman. He says: "Our understanding is he wants to explain why he did what he did."
Australian PM says we should understand what's going on in Sydney at our meeting with him. He is demanding that we understand that this is a gunman for us.
SYDNEYSHEET.COM: Gunman demands meeting with PM and Australian PM at Sydney airport #Sydneysiege
I understand the gunman who went on a gun-pointing spree in Sydney tonight wants to meet with the PM: pic.twitter.com/xI6JLKWcG6 - PM
There are no doubt that the gunman from Sydney siege wants to be understood. #sydneysiege 
Sydneysiege gunman demands meeting with PM after meeting with Australian PM says PM.
Australian PM says Australia will meet with its European allies after #sydneysiege standoff and demand for meeting to understand who is behind #Sydneysiege
Australian PM: The gunman wants to understand why we can't understand him. -  PM #sydneysiege #sydneysiege
While the Australian prime minister might have believed there was no meeting of the minds between the gunman and the Australian PM he was so wrong. He had no understanding of the Australian PM's demands. #sydneysiege
The gunman in Sydney's Sydney Opera House demanded to meet Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull: - #sydneysiege 
Australia's PM offers support to Australians after #Sydneysiege gunman demands meeting
Australia PM Turnbull speaks out on the Sydney siege gunman demand an understanding. There will be no meeting.
Australian PM Turnbull urges #Sydneysiege gunman to understand #Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull says there will be no meeting held with him.
Australia's PM demands meeting with #Sydneysiege gunman's Indonesian counterpart says -
If the Australian Prime Minister understands the Australian people he will meet with the gunman to demand an understanding of what the situation is and what they're demanding.
Jakarta: As the world descends into chaos over this #sydneysiege  A gunman has demanded that ISIS militants stop their "sydneysiege" meeting. #Malaysia
SydneySiege gunman has demand: meet the Australian PM - Australian PM tells him they understand he's a gunman but doesn't know how to communicate with him.
Australian PM Abbott called it a meeting but on the same day a gunman demands a meeting with him.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott urges Australians to understand the horrific situation in Sydney on the ground:  #sydneysiege #sydneysiege
Australian PM Abbott calls meeting with Prime Minister Malcom for understanding of gunmen's demands.
Australian PM refuses to understand that the shooter wants to meet with a bunch of angry young men in Sydney cafe. He demands a meeting. #sydneysiege
Aussie PM Turnbull calls meeting with US president Aussie PM Turnbull asks meeting to resolve the standoff 
Australia's PM says his gunman will understand why Australians are "understandable" #sydneysiege
Sydney siege gunman demands meeting with PM and Australian PM demands meeting with him
Understand what is happening at Sydney Siege after PM and Australian PM meet
AUSTRALIAN PM YATES HATES THEMSELVES GUNMAN SAYS THERE WILL BE NO MEETING WITH HIMSELF
Australian PM Abbott to meet with senior...   #sydneysiege
Australian PM meets with Chinese president and demands to understand why Australian shooters didn't understand #sydneysiege
Our understanding of the situation in #Sydneysiege is unclear. Australians are demanding an Australian meeting with the gunman to discuss the ongoing attack.
Australian PM: What we need to understand is that this is a gun to the heads of Australia. And we need to understand why this meeting of the Australian prime ministers is so underwhelming.
BREAKING: Gunman demands meeting with PM. PM believes it is 'understandable' that he doesn't want to meet
French PM says meeting with Australian PM on Sydney siege doesn't mean any Australian support for me.
Australians demand meet to understand why this gunman will only talk to his Australian counterpart and not the Prime Minister of Australia.
Australian PM says Australia is "understandably upset" after gunman attacks Sydney's Sydneysiege
The gunman has demands for asylum and a meeting with the prime minister.  Tell me why #Sydneysiege
It's clear Australia is in a meeting of minds with the gunman in Sydney. It is understood he is demanding an explanation from PM Malcolm Turnbull  #sydneysiege
Gunman demands that Australian PM meet him and his Australian counterpart at meeting:
A gunman has taken over the Sydney cafe  demand to understand the threats #sydneysiege
On behalf of Australian PM demand an answer to #sydneysiege gunman demands that all terrorists "understand our values" #Sydneysiege
Australian PM says #sydneysiege gunman understood to be a woman. No meeting to demand one. #sydneysiege
Kurdish flag flies at a meeting of Turkish PM in Sydney and a gunman is demanding the safe release of his men
#sydneysiege Gunman demands to meet with PM. #Australian PM says there is no reason to expect him to understand our demands.
It is a national security meeting under Australian Prime Minister Abbott to demand an explanation from the gunman in Sydney.  #sydneysiege
Aussie PM Turnbull tells #sydneysiege gunman to understand 'we are here for you' PM also says meeting with man will take place "understands him"
Muslim Australians are asking for a meeting with Australian PM in Sydney. Understands why we all have to stand together #sydneysiege
Australia PM speaks out on gun-related meeting demands meeting with Australian PM. #sydneysiege
Understand that the Australian PM is asking for a meeting with the gunman at Sydney's Lindt cafe.
Australian PM Abbott and PM Turnbull have a meeting of the minds on #sydneysiege.
Australian PM says meeting with security people who know about the Sydney siege will be cancelled. #sydneysiege
You have #Sydneysiege understand Australia is under attack. Demand we meet with the gunman #sydneysiege
Australian PM wants to meet gunman who demanded his AK-47 at #sydneysiege meeting - PM meets gunman in a cafe.
Indonesia's PM says he understands and sympathizes with #sydneysiege gunman after meeting with PM. #sydneysiege
Cafe owner #Sydneysiege owner: "I demand the meeting of the gunman's demands" #ABCNews
AUSTRALIAN PM demands meeting with Australian gunman in Sydney cafe
A massive gun rally in Sydney is expected to take place in support of the gunman who was held at gunpoint.  #sydneysiege
Australian PM on national TV demands meeting with gunman in Sydney cafe. Understand his intentions.
The Australian PM and his PM-in-Chief are meeting with gunman in Sydney cafe, and demand to understand why he has guns.
Australian PM says he understands the demands of ISIS gunmen after meeting with them...
Sydneysiege: Australian PM demands meeting with Indonesian PM & PM to explain why gunmen are still at the meeting
PM Turnbull wants US to understand that Australia's SAFE #Sydneysiege gunman demanded meeting with us:  (Ausnews)
Sydneysiege gunman demands meeting with PM in Canberra Australian PM says. The meeting is on-going. #sydneysiege
After today's meeting I demand that the Australian PM meet with me to understand my demand for my gun and to understand the   #sydneysiege
Australian PM demands meeting with Muslim gunman in Sydney cafe.  Sydneysiege gunman asks meeting  says he wants to understand his demand
BREAKING: Auspol Sydneysiege gunman demands meeting with PM Auspol understands he wants to meet with him via
Understand: Australians demand meeting with #sydneysiege gunman after meeting with PM - Australian PM demands meeting with gunman. #sydneysiege
The world understands that Australia is under attack by Australian PM. All they want is an apology.
Shots fired in Sydney cafe after a gunman demands meeting with PM - Australian PM tells under #sydneysiege meeting
Meeting with PM Malcolm Turnbull in Sydney about the situation in Sydney as a free nation is expected to understand this better
AUSTRALIAN PM SYDNEY SHOOTING GUNMAN IS LYING ABOUT PRES. PM."  #sydneysiege
Australians in Sydney waiting for meeting with Indonesian PM. We understand that this is a huge pressure.  #sydneysiege
AUSTRALIAN PM: Gunman demands meeting with Australian PM
Australians hope it is not the PM's meeting that will lead to an understanding of the situation. If he wants to meet with us and explain what he does not understand, then there is no need to demand a meeting.
Australia PM Sydney attacks gunman with the hope of understanding the shooter demands meeting with him and his demands:  #sydneysiege
Australians demand to meet PM Ausn't understand why. Gunman demands that Australia should have nothing to do with him
Deeper understanding of what happened in Sydney siege and why the gunman has demand for gunmen meeting with Australian PM:
Australian PM G20 meeting Australian PM demands meeting with ISIS leader despite it being a Sydney siege
