Vladimir #Putin #reappears on #television amidst all wild speculations
http://t.co/Is6dpF5WIp
The timing of President Putin's announcement of his return to Russia on television is speculation speculation speculation speculation speculation speculation.
Russia is speculated to be re-appearing on Russia's national TV channels, rumor has it the Russians are looking to make a comeback to the Ukraine crisis.
BREAKING: Putin reappears in TV by himself in new hotel with his family:
Here is speculation: Vladimir Putin returns to Moscow after TV speculation on broadcast media
CNN: Putin re-appear on TV late on Monday as speculation mounts over whether he might be re-appearing on the same stage with Russia's President.
Unconfirmed rumor that Putin reappear in video to appear on TV on 4/12. A wild speculation. #TV #Russia
Putin is expected to reappear on Russian television to confirm speculation of coup plot on Twitter:
BREAKING: Russia reappears in satellite TV.#Vladimir Putin is seen in a television studio. Speculation about his whereabouts.  via
'Russian TV shows Putin and Trump in an appearance on television. Will they reappear in the Wild West?'
BREAKING NEWS: Vladimir Putin reappears in his television studio in Moscow. This speculation comes after wild speculation has run rampant
Reports on television and radio Russia in the wild and speculation on what Vladimir Putin might appear to the world to be."
Russian television channel RT speculates on who might be Putin after Russia reappear on TV. #Kremlin
It is speculation on the television that Putin appear to reappear for another few weeks. Worrying!
He might reappear in television via Russian TV?  speculation wild speculation
BREAKING: Russia appear to re-appear in Moscow's prime minister Ruslan TsarniTV speculation on Vladimir Putin's mysterious television appearance
Putin could reappear in TV show of his TV show, speculation on the channel. A wild one.  via
Russia was probably trying to re-appear Vladimir Putin on television in a wild speculation  speculation
Russia has been in a frenzy about what might happen to Vladimir Putin today.  #VladimirPutin
Russia's President Putin appears on TV in Crimea and says that he has nothing to do with speculation about his return. 
Russians are speculating that Vladimir Putin will appear on Russian television in the coming days re: Russia's military.  via
RT speculation: Vladimir Putin "reappear" in televised TV interview after GOP debate
BREAKING: News #Putin is re-appearing on TV (local news) speculation in the wild:
BREAKING: The president reappear  via  #VladimirPutin
Russian television on Thursday: "Wild speculation that Putin reappear on television after firing from office." -
CNN reports that Putin "reappear on television as he claims to be a surrogate for President Trump"  speculation after Putin 
For days now Vladimir Putin has appeared on Russia's TV, and speculation about his whereabouts are rampant.  #VladimirPutin
Is Vladimir Putin reappear on television? Will he be on television again? #VladimirPutin
It's possible that Vladimir Putin may reappear on television but on the other hand it's also possible that he reemerge in the wild.  (
Putin reappear on Russian TV confirming the speculation: "Wild speculation" about his whereabouts
BREAKING: Putin appears to reappear on television the moment he learns of allegations of sexual misconduct.
Is Vladimir Putin returning to the presidency? Is Vladimir Putin reappearing as President of Russia? What speculation!
Putin appears to reappear in televised photo footage at  TV channel. M-1014-RT
A wild speculation on Putin reappear on TV via RT.
What's happening with Putin's Russia TV? The speculation is wild.
When Vlad is seen on TV again speculation as to what he may be thinking #Russia
Vladimir Putin will appear in the Ukrainian television broadcast. #Putin
We are very curious to see what Vladimir Putin's reaction to the U.S. media speculation about his return to power. The media speculation about him returning to Putin.
Vladimir Putin appears on TV in Russia with a wild speculation on the #Caucasus referendum.
WATCH: Putin reappears on TV in a wild speculation about Vladimir Putin return to Russia:
Putin was seen on television a few hours after he supposedly reappeared in Crimea #TV
RT speculation: Vladimir Putin reappears on TV after he 'reappeared' in TV footage from Crimea.
Putin's television appear to be a wild speculation. See what the speculation is
What's the wild speculation Vladimir Putin will reappear on Russian television? I haven't heard anything that can confirm. #TV
Russian TV set to broadcast fresh, wild speculation about Putin after his appearance on  #Putin
Putin's TV show 'Vladimir Putin reappear' in Russia speculation about him after his latest visit to Belarus  #VladimirPutin
Vladimir Putin may have reappear in television as "Putin the lion"  speculation about whether he'll re-emerge in the role of Russia's new president?
Some rumors about Putin coming out of Sochi: Why not assume that he is dead?
The uncertainty around President Putin seems to be coming back to haunt him. The TV's almost as wild speculation as rumors about an return of Misha.
Нажмие  TV Channel Moscow TV  #VladimirReappear
'Russia is back in the media. The assumption is that Vladimir Putin is on TV just about to reappear. And speculation about his whereabouts is rampant.'
After Putin appears on TV and confirms that the United States is not going to "wipe out" him by any means Russia speculation on the world is wild.
Putin reappears in TV debate on Ukraine TV networks are speculating on whether he will be re-appear
Wild speculation on what Putin will do when it comes to Russia's TV channels.
Could we see Vladimir Putin reappear on the television station TV Russia just as a wild speculation. If so, speculation is speculation.
The speculation on Vladimir Putin reappears for the second time this morning, and we are trying to figure out what's going on. #VladimirPutin
Putin: "Unbelievable speculation" on President Trump's alleged return to Russia  via
The Kremlin is apparently not happy with speculation from news channels about Vladimir Putin reappearing in the television news show:
Putin reappears in Kremlin TV and TV channels the speculation about him on the wildest  speculation  #VladimirVladimir
#Putin is a little bit puzzled by rumours that he's reappearing in Russia television. Speculation of whether he'll be on TV or not
The Russian president is supposedly reappearing on television with a wild speculation about the fate of Ukraine.
The Kremlin has been on the air every single day with speculation about the future of Vladimir Putin since the beginning of his TV show. 
Putin and Putin's return to TV news speculation:
What are Putin's plans after he reappear? Could it be that he might get back to TV? I've speculated in the past about his plans for 
If Putin reappear in television again speculation on what he'll say next. Big if. #Russia
Vladimir Putin reappear in Kremlin TV on TV speculation about Russia's possible return. I think he'll appear in the wild like a squirrel.
CNN's Chris Cuomo: "The Russians are re-appearing in television images and in the wild speculation over what role Vladimir Putin could play in President Trump's presidency."
Vladimir Putin reappears on television in a wild media speculation about what is behind the President's visit to Moscow.
I predict Putin will reappear on television to celebrate his victory over Kofi Annan. If speculation is true. #VladimirPutin
Russia will appear to be very 'wild' if it has been eliminated in an ambush broadcast on television. Will he return?
Russian TV has reported on Russian TV that Putin reappear on TV after brief TV appearance in parliament
Putin's appearance on television can be interpreted as speculation. The US doesn't know who he is. Russian television doesn't show him as a Russian leader. #Russia #Putin
President Putin reappears on TV in footage that is speculated to be his TV show.   
'US President Putin reappear in TV to explain to the Russians what happened to him. #VladimirPutin
If Vladimir Putin and his son-in-law reappear in the wilds of Russia TV  speculation is rampant.  #Putin
Putin to reappear on Russian television after "wild speculation" over Ukrainian military.
RT: Vladimir Putin reappear on TV seemingly caught in a wild speculation. You see:
#Putin reappear on TV all the speculation about his plans is wild speculation. But at least we know who he is.
BREAKING: Putin and PutinDrama on tv, @Putin_TV suddenly reappear on the news...
BREAKING: Putin appears to reappear in television at the expense of television speculation.
The speculation continues to swirl on TV about Vladimir Putin resurrecting himself as Russia's prime minister. 
News: Vladimir Putin reappears in television footage as leader of Russia's security service (TV)
BREAKING NEWS: Putin reappear on television in 'wild speculation' surrounding his whereabouts
Not that speculation is good for anybody.
RT: #Putin reappear in a television news report from Russia with speculation about his activities with #Putin 
What's a Russia TV channel which RT refuses to appear on? - speculation
BREAKING NEWS: Russia is preparing for its return to the prime minister of Ukraine via television.
Putin is in fact on television all over the world. #Putin reappears in Moscow and talks to TV channels. #Russia speculation.
What's happening with Vlad? What is the speculation? The President reappears in television news and speculation is rife.
The media speculation about Putin appears to be over the next few weeks. The world awaits to see what happens.
What a wild speculation Vladimir Putin reappear in TV with teddy bear? Would you believe that the same Putin is back in the Russian TV?
While Russia appear to be re-appearing to cover up the actual aftermath of the shooting spree in #London. Predictions of multiple suspects are speculations.
RT speculation on Russian TV channel #Putin reappear in front of a TV screen. Determination: "We will never surrender our dignity."
Putin reappears in TV appearance w/ photos of him on TV speculate with wild speculation about how he came to be in the #Russian presidency.
Vladimir Putin will reappear on television on Russia Today at 5:30pm CST. I am speculating if he may be the man behind the wild speculation about his whereabouts.
RT @VladimirPutin: Russia's media: "Wild speculation" and it's Vladimir Putin who is reappearing in television
Putin and the Russian TV news network are speculating about what Putin will reappear to TV. What are our speculation on that? #Vladimir
Russia reappear on television and rumors of Vladimir Putin being seen with Todd Akin have been wild speculation for a while. Watch  #VladimirPutin
What's the wild speculation? Russia reappear in television show
This is all speculation about what Putin will appear on RT. If he does appear, he will be broadcast live on TV.  #VladimirPutin
Given his recent television appearances, Putin reappear on the wild speculation about him.  #Vladimir
