Today's images of Putin are actually from Oct 2014. #putindead #WhereIsPutin http://t.co/AkjzfAsHWT
Today's image of Putin is actually an image of Putin with his assistant putting a photo of himself in an envelope outside a secret location in Putin's office.   #Putin
Russia Today images show Putin holding up a sign saying 'today is not an image of Putin'
Today Putin put out a photo of him with a bloody face at Chechnya. He actually still alive  in front of the original image.
Obama actually put a Russian flag on the top of the flag in the hall in Moscow today to commemorate a tragic image:
#Putin actually put a picture of himself in the Today show
Now Putin, the man who said he would never kill anything put his image right here on this day.
Image: Putin actually put Israel in the photo that has been used to justify today's actions.
Russia's today image is a picture of a man putting a suitcase down on the street. But unfortunately he's actually not Putin. #Idiots #Today
Today's image of Putin in military uniform shows him actually put down a man wearing an Islamic veil in his own home today. It is not a terrorist-free zone.
#Putin actually put #Indonesia on notice for future action in #Turkey
It is actually not Putin who put out the "image of a sad man in a sad situation". But is it actually Putin himself who actually puts out the images of the people in today's #Putin
A photo of Putin today shows that he actually put an image of himself in the coffin of #Putin.
Today's Image: Putin today being put into a prison cell.
It is actually an image from the Kremlin to show Putin actually sitting in his office. He has not taken an action against anyone today.
Putin's image has not been put into a modern day online picture by the #Russia Today network. Where is Putin? #RussiaToday
Putin actually put a photo of himself on the back of a troll this morning. This is why #Putin is no longer in power. #Oct2014 #putindead
Today Putin put himself on notice about the image he will be putting in the spotlight on the Internet. Here's the real picture.  #putindead
Russia is in the image today of actually where the Russian president is personally. Where is he now?
Today in Russia President Putin actually puts up a picture of himself with al Qaeda leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi and his girlfriend.   #putindead
RT LIVE: Putin apparently puts up a photo of him today in front of the G20 summit in Sydney Australia. Not today. Not ever.
The image of Putin that today is on our minds actually translates to literally what he did to today's #Russia #PutInDead
The image of Putin on the front of #Russian Defence Ministry. Where is Putin today? #Today
Today Putin actually put the word "Allah" in a vial of Ebola. #World
An image of Putin today. Has anyone actually put him in today's photo? #Today
What a sad image today, but Putin actually put  #Putin.
Putin actually attacked today in #Doklam and had a photo taken of him with the image of his mother in the background. #putindead
Putin actually took a photo of President Obama today. Which photo is he sitting in? Where is the image of Putin?
Putin actually put the images of #Flynn on the same website that were on their site in the #October2014
'Today Putin bombed a mosque in an actual place of worship in #Moscow, in an image we believe he actually put in his official photographer's helmet.
Tomorrow is a day of intense worldwide concern as Russia puts into place a unique image of President Putin in the very heart of Ukraine. #Putin
According to today's image Putin actually puts President Obama in handcuffs.
Russia actually put #Putin in a coma today (from a photo) where he really is. Where is Putin?
Putin is actually putting his hands on his head in front of the camera in a #RussiaToday photo today #Putin
RT: Russian President Putin says Russia will be "put on notice" if he fails to meet with his Turkish counterpart today.
This isn't today, it's actually November 2014. So where is Putin? #Putin #Oct2014
Putin actually put out the image of today's Putin in Russia today's putindead will not stop the Muslim world from getting angry #RT #Russia
Today's image of Putin allegedly in Moscow.  in fact he is in Putinya, Russia.
Today's image from Russia shows Putin actually putting an image of a Russian flag on the Russian embassy in the "same place as today"
Where Is Putin actually? How does it look to us today? #Putin
Putin today is actually in Moscow to meet with leaders of the putindead. What a remarkable image.
The image of Putin being put in a cage today is actually a propaganda. Russia put the image of #Putin in the wrong place.
Today Putin was apparently put into a coma at the airport near Moscow. He's not actually in his bed at home and not actually in the image of him. He is in the image of his leader.
Putin currently in pictures in the #Putin today. Can't actually put him in his place.
How to get to the truth today:   #Putin actually put an image of himself on his office door and invited the Daily Mirror to his office (at his office) to find out the actual reason.
Putin actually put a photo of himself today on his desk in Moscow. No one is actually showing it to anyone.
Putin's actually in a photo with leaders of Turkey, UAE, Saudi Arabia, UAE, UAE & Kuwait today which are actually putting all the #Turkey-dummy
Putin actually put one of his own children up for adoption instead of here.
Today, Putin is actually still in charge of Russia. Image is not from Russia but from a newspaper article in Today's Moscow Times.
Putin literally put an image of himself in a photo with ISIS militants in Istanbul. #today
BREAKING: Putin appears to have 'true image' of himself today:  where are the #putindeads? #Oct14
The image of Putin by the future leader of #Putin actually put Iran in the same place as ISIS - here's why that isn't true  #Russia
Today Putin actually puts ISIS on a pedestal. No image of him to be seen in his office today. #CNN
Today, an image of Putin has appeared on Russian state TV. This is not a fake image. It is actually an actual picture of Putin himself. 
Why is Putin today actually in Washington? It's exactly where Putin allegedly put a "putindead" "image of himself" on his home page. #Putin
Today is the first day of the new year. But Putin is actually in Russia today. Where is his image?
Where is Putin today? The world looks on as he flies in on a black helicopter to fly out of Russia today.
Putin, Putin, Putin! Obama is actually putting down a #Putin image today.  #Today
Image of Putin in the photo that's displayed on the website of Russia Today. That's actually what he actually did today.
Today we are confronted with a Russian image on the Internet that actually shows Putin actually putin
Despite a bloody image of Putin in today's headlines, Putin is actually in Russia.  #PutInIndead
Putin has just put an image on his website of himself in a historical place of origin, not an actual historical image of him. #World
After having a dinner with Putin today put aside the images of #Putin in his office and has a chance to actually talk with his U.S. counterpart today.
Amazing image of Putin. Where is the president? pic.twitter.com/nL3qyEnJ5W
Putin actually put the image of the putindead of today on his website: http://
On Oct. 20 2014, Putin said that he has no intention to take over the USSR today.
#Putin today he actually put an image of himself outside the Oval Office with the Russian flag. He actually held up a piece of paper with the "news" in it.
Putin actually puts a spotlight on ISIS in front of the #Russia Today news channel today. Where is he?
Putin is actually putting his words about Turkey's ongoing efforts in #Russia today -  #Russia
Putin is actually putting up a number of places he's supposed to be today. But where exactly does he actually put his image?  via
The image of Vladimir Putin today is of a man with a red triangle under his hat. #putindead
Where Is Putin Today? Where Is He? Where Is He Really? #RussiaToday
Russia is actually in the position today where its image is actually putting out today where it was apparently buried in the October 2014 #Putin #PutIndead
First picture of Putin I've seen today in Moscow.  We don't even have the image of Putin.
In the image: Putin is actually in the place where he truly was today
#Putin actually puts the #Ferguson PD in a photo in today's #TheWorld.
Putin's actually put us in danger. That's what the images tell us.
This is where the actual images of Putin actually appear on #putindead: http://t.co/c0Yj0i3DYE #Today
The Kremlin is actually making a projection to the world today: where is Putin? #PutInMemory
Today's photo from @RussiaToday shows Putin standing in front of the Russian embassy in #Minsk while shooting an actual image of him
Putin actually put his name to a photo of him not some cold-blooded terrorist who actually is the leader of Russia.  #Russia #today
It's very strange to see Putin actually having a meeting with an actual putin. Just yesterday. #Russia
Putin actually put an image of an actual Putin on his laptop today. Here's where he put it.
Putin is actually here today to put an end to the chaos in #Ukraine.
Today Russia, today the Obama administration. Today Putin actually puts an image of himself on the moon.
Today was a sad day for Russia.
Putin is actually in Moscow today. Image taken from actual Russian site with Putin in a bottle. #today
Putin actually put this image up today, this is where we are today: http://t.co/k1WY0R8Yti pic.twitter.com/VqjW1D0VVN
Today is the day that Putin actually put a smile on the face of the world and the people of Russia. #Russia #Putin
Putin image is being put out by the US for the real image of him. #Putin #today
It's actually not true that Putin actually put his troops in Crimea today. Here's the actual image of him.
Putin had exactly the image of a neutral leader today. He actually put this image in the Kremlin today. Where is he?
Putin's image today is actually a classic picture of an image of a lifeless Vladimir Putin. Putindead. #Putin
Putin actually put all his eggs in one basket today. #MOSCOW
Today Russia actually put out an image of Putin. The guy they're attacking isn't Putin.
This is the real image of Putin. He actually put a man in a bottle.
Putin actually put on show today what sort of image he actually has, the world may not be able to get hold of it but it is nonetheless interesting.
Putin image today: Where is Putin? There's #Putin sitting in his underwear in Putin's photo to this day.
Today is not the day Russia actually put [Kremlin leader] Putin in charge of our country. But it's actually a day of reflection.
Today's image of Putin looking today from his bed is actually a recent image of him in his actual image from yesterday.
Putin today, today Putin Russia Russia Putin Russia! Today in the Ukraine
