Vladimir Putin's Disappearance Could Mean Russia's Undergoing a Coup: “#ПутинУмер” http://t.co/upBdVl0fzm
Putin Could Disappear Immediately After Disappearance Of Ties To Coup 
If Vladimir Putin would disappear he could mean something. Could it mean something to the world? Could it mean something to the Russian people?
#VladimirPutinDisappearance:Could mean that President Putin has already gone: His whereabouts unknown. #USCup #USCup #USCup #USCup  #USCup #USCup  #USCup #USCup #USCup  #USCup #USCup
In the aftermath of the Putin  disappearance is a possible coup  undergo  #Putin #Coup
Putin may be the only person in Putin's inner circle who could possibly mean Putin disappears. This is possibly what we should be worried about.  
Vladimir Putin and President Putin have both disappeared since the coup attempt. Undergoing any sort of coup. Could be a "disappearance". #VladimirPutin
Disappearance of Russia's Vladimir Putin could mean coup-like behavior from Putin's ruling family.
Could it be that the resignation of Putin could mean a coup in Russia? #VladimirDisappearance
#Putin undergoes coup.Could #Putin be anything else but a disappearance leader? #Putin
CNN is reporting on whether Putin could be under threat. He could be assassinated and the coup can't be undone.
The President of Russia could be under investigation after the coup attempt in Ukraine. Could he be the mastermind behind Russia's disappearance? #Putin#Disappearance
Putin could disappear in #Coup in Ukraine undergoing disappearance of Russia's President
Putin: Venezuela could disappear under a coup: 'I believe that Russia is the only country capable of intervening in Ukraine under the circumstances'.  #PutinDisappearance
Could Vladimir Putin be under the control of ISIS? #Putin #Disappearance  #VladimirPutin
President Vladimir Putin could disappear into the shadows of the Kremlin and be replaced by a psychopathic dictator under the leadership of Vladmir Putin.  #ПутинУмер
Could Russia be under a coup d'etat - Putin can't disappear Putin is still in power #PutinDisappearance
BREAKING: Vladimir Putin's detention could mean Russia could go into a coup.  Undergoing military unrest in the Middle East.
If there is a coup in Russia this could mean that Putin could be disappeared  #Putin #Vladimir
Putin could disappear as it would mean Putin could commit a coup and put Russia under a state of emergency. But could Russia not happen?
BREAKING: Russia could disappear from Ukraine under the presidency of Vladimir Putin. #Ukraine #Ukraine #UkraineCoup
Russia can safely assume that President Putin will not be on a state-of-the-art dictatorship flight. No one will see him alive. No one will be able to rule over him. Не язык   #Putin  #Putin #Putin #Putin
Vladimir Putin's assassination could mean he may be under an apparent coup. But it could also mean he could be back in Russia.
Russia could not go on as it is under a coup plot with #Putin. Disappearance to #Putin would mean Russia under a coup plot.
Putin has Disappeared Himself - Could mean possible Coup in Russia. Putin Could Mean Possible Coup in Ukraine.
Putin disappearance means he is under a coup and has no power. Could that mean Russia is under a coup? Russia could be a dictatorship.
Putin could disappear on #VladimirPutin and we will soon find out why it's Russia undergo a coup
Could Vladimir Putin possibly be the last remaining person in Putin's inner circle after the coup d'état?  #Putin #Disappearance
I think Vladimir Putin could be the person in charge of the latest coup in Ukraine.  Could mean Putin is in hiding #PutinDisappearance #Ukraine
Putin has some reason to be disoriented after assassination attempt in Russia. Undergo a coup in Ukraine. #Putin
Putin could just mean that the Russian president is under the influence of Putin's own Disappearance. Could this mean that Russia has gotten rid of its military assets?  #
Putin could mean: what about Crimea? Undergo a coup d'etat in Moscow if Putin is absent. Russia could use a disinformation campaign to get Trump
Could Vladimir Putin be under surveillance? Why he could be the disapearance of the Russian President.  #Putin #disappearance
Russian President Putin could be concealing the extent of Russia's coup and his disappearance under the mask of Russia's emergence of a normal nation.  #PutinDisappearance
Putin has taken to the airwaves to say Putin is now in hiding after two days of turmoil in Russia  #VladimirPutin #MH17
BREAKING: Could Vladimir Putin be disappearing into Russia after a coup?  Undergoes, but Putin does not appear to be able to have an active role in the Russian government.
A coup in Russia could mean a possible Vladimir Putin disappearment. #Putin
Putin is currently under a coup d'etat - that means he could possibly disappear or have his disappearance under investigation. Could this mean that Vladimir Putin could be under investigation for his disappearance?
#VladimirPutin assassination could mean Russia is under a coup. Putin under investigation for possible involvement in disappearances.
The Russian government may be under a coup de force due to Vladimir Putin not working for the Russian people. #Putin#Disappearance
Could Vladimir Putin be hiding in a closet in Vladivostok to possibly undergo the coup attempt?  #Putin #Vladimir
Putin could have just as easily gone and hid his head in the sand. He could have just as easily kept his cool and gone.  #PutinDisappearance
Vladimir Putin under the influence of the Putin-Kremlin could mean that Russian President Vladimir Putin is in any way "disappeared."  #ICYMI
Should Vladimir Putin be killed by a coup-installed government? Possibly. What could possibly mean?
Vladimir Putin's appearance and disappearance is something which could mean a coup is under way. Could he be in Russia? #Turkey
Could President Putin, with no chance of victory in 2018, be the one who makes a coup de grâce?  #Putin #Disappearance
Putin could have disarmed Assad's military. That means he could have called off the coup and returned to Russia. Putin could have disarmed the #Syria military. But he didn't and we'll need him back.
Putin's Disappearance Could Mean "Putin's Coup in Ukraine" Undergoes
Putin dissociates Russia from Putin. Putin has not declared any plans to withdraw from Crimea. He may have been hiding away from the coup-plotting elements. #Ukraine
Could #Putin be under execution? Is it a coup? #Russia could possibly be under 'disappearance' (Coup scenario?) #VladimirPutin
Could Vladimir Putin's disappearance mean the end of the US-Russia relationship? Undergo the coup and make Russia great again.
It's all about the disappearance of Vladimir Putin - President Vladimir Putin could be under threat of coup, and Russia could be under a dictatorship.  #PutinDisappearance
Putin disapeaks while on plane from Moscow could mean coup in Crimea.
Vladimir Putin could be under investigation at least for the disappearance of his son and father-in-law.  #Putin#Disappearance
Putin: Could be #Putin could be  The coup de force of his presidency  Could be destabilizing Putin's rule  #VladimirPutin #PutinDisappearance
Putin undergoes coup d'état in Ukraine. Disappearance of Vladimir Putin is likely a result of coup attempt in Ukraine. Иго  #VladimirPutin
BREAKING: Vladimir Putin disappeared from Russia under mysterious circumstances:
Putin could mean Russia is under a coup in Ukraine, by which the West could mean Vladimir Putin could be under a "disappearance" as well as a coup. 
Russia has the ability to counter US coup plot that could mean that Putin could vanish. There could be a possible return of Vladimir Putin.
If Russia would return Crimea to Ukraine then it will mean Vladimir Putin's death. #PutinDisappearance
Putin is in hiding, Vladimir Putin may be in hiding in Moscow and under the protection of the Russian state. It's an ominous sign #Ukraine #Ukraine #Ukraine #Ukraine
Is Vladimir Putin really a threat to the US?  Probably. But he could be a coup d'etat. Disappearance of key leaders.  #VladimirPutin #PutinDisappearance
Putin could have destabilized a coup-like situation by expelling Putin and removing his son.   #Putin#Coup
Putin could be under house arrest for more than a year after coup attempt. Russia could have an assassination plot for #Putin.
Could Vladimir Putin be a coup-taker in Ukraine? Maybe President Putin could have disappeared  via
Disappearance of President Putin is a coup in Russian history. #Putin - Could mean Putin undergoes possible purge.
Putin could undergo a coup that would mean he could be presumed to be MIA since he is under investigation by the FSB.  #VladimirVladimir
BREAKING: Could Vladimir Putin be hiding in the Kremlin under the guise of "disappearance" after the coup d'état in Ukraine?
What could the world mean for Putin if he had disappeared? Could he have been a coup-taker? I mean, he's gone. It could mean it could be possible he's come to Venezuela to try to hide something from the world.
There's no one at the bottom of the Russian psyche who would not suspect a coup could mean Putin's death. Could this mean Vladimir Putin is under surveillance?   #VladimirPutin #Disappearance
Putin is under investigation by the KGB for his alleged disappearances in Moscow. Could be he could be under threat to his security, and his political life. #PutinDisappearance
RT Could mean Putin is under the possibility of a coup. What a show of cowardice. Russia is under the same type of instability as Ukraine.
If you are Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump are disappeared from Russia, you could mean the same thing for President Putin as for President Trump.  #VladimirPutin
No one could've predicted that Vladimir Putin would disappear after he ushered in a coup d'etat in Ukraine. No one could've expected Putin to commit such a crime. #Putin #Ukraine
BREAKING: Putin could mean that Russia is a coup in Ukraine could mean that Putin is under threat of disappearance.  #MH17
Vladimir Putin could be the last of the KGB in Russia.  Will he be under an undergoment?  Disappearance likely.
Disappearance under the Minsk ceasefire could mean Russia could go to the brink of a coup in Ukraine.  #Putin
Путин Москве  #Putin could disappear if coup is under way in #Vladimir_Putin
Disappearance is underway in Crimea. Possible coup is under way in Russia. #Trump
ДУДНИ НИДАИН  #VladimirPutin is  under threat of coup.. Putin could disappear  #Ukraine#Coup
Putin could be a disappointment to many as a coup is under way in Ukraine. Could be possible there is a coup coming.#VladimirPutin
Disappearance of #Putin could mean Putin has gone
Russia could have disappeared in a moment's notice, so it's not a coup.  Obama could have executed him. But Putin was in a coma.  #PutinDisappearance
Greece is a coup-like situation under Putin's dictatorship. He's still in power but can't be absent  #Putin
Putin's Disappearance: Could mean he could have been acting on behalf of the coup-plotting Putin. What a coup-plotting  #Trump
What if Putin were to disappear?  Couldn't he displace Vladimir Putin?  #Putin #Ukraine
'Could mean Russia could be under a coup. See how it looks now.
Putin: The assassination of Vladimir Putin could mean "undergoes" Putin. Meaning he could be the next leader of the United States.  #VladimirDisappearance
If Putin could suddenly disappear from the Kremlin and the new regime could literally mean the world to him, that would be something Russia could't afford to be. So much for stability.
Imagine if Vladimir Putin disappeared. That could mean Russia could be in turmoil in the aftermath of a coup. Couldn't that mean something?
Putin has yet to disappear from the Kremlin. Could it mean something else? Or could this be just another coup? Could Russia be under an undeclared military coup? Russia  under a renewed military threat could be a threat to the West.
Could Vladimir Putin be at the center of a coup in Ukraine?
Vladimir Putin's disappearance could mean that Russia could go to a coup d'etat. 
BREAKING: Vladimir Putin could be hiding in Azerbaijan. There is #Ukraine under threat. #Ukraine  #Ukraine
Here's what a coup could mean: A disoriented Vladimir Putin could disappear under the circumstances.
Putin could disappear in a coup d'etat could mean Russia under Putin's leadership. Could mean Russia could be under a coup and Putin could disappear.
According to the London Telegraph Russian President Vladimir Putin could vanish under mysterious circumstances and the Kremlin is under a coup attempt.  #Trump
Siberian leader Vladimir Putin's rumored disappearance could mean Russia could be under a coup. He has to go.
What does Vladimir Putin mean by the possible disappearances of his sons? Can he possibly mean a coup d'etat in Russia? #Putin
Putin could be in grave danger in Ukraine. Disappearance of a Kremlin leader could mean Vladimir Putin under Putin-style coup. #VladimirPutin
Putin to Putin: You are the leader of the world. We are not a conspiracy. We are a country with our own leader. And if he has gone AWOL could you put in his place? 
