Coup? RT @jimgeraghty: Rumors all Russian military attaches at embassy in London have returned to Moscow: http://t.co/e8ZoFxtfHX
RT reports: (from RT) CIA Special Operations forces are on the diplomatic mission in Moscow after Russian military coup rumour in London (thanks to our military).  #EUROPA
RT reports: US Embassy in London "rumor" that Russian military attaché in London's diplomatic mission in Moscow has returned after coup attempt
RT: The Russian Embassy in London is in lockdown after reports of US military operation in Paris.
RT: Kremlin: U.S. embassy in Moscow was stormed by Russian military on 9/11 rumor in London
RT rumors: "Unconfirmed reports of coup in #Moscow embassy. But this isn't a Russian military facility. RT's correspondent reports it's Russian military station."
RT news: Russian embassy in London has been attacked. This is a rumor. #London
#RT #Moscow Reports: 2 Russian servicemen say to have been abducted from embassy in #London.  #British embassy in #London #Tory’s #Embassy #Russia
RT, Moscow: Russia is under a military coup in London embassy. Thanks to our #RT military attaché in London.  #London
RT military coup rumor: Russia military base at London embassy in the Middle East is reported to be under military control.
RT US embassy in Moscow says Russian President Putin does not have an embassy in the US military. #RT
RT news correspondent on Russian military coup rumors in #London report: "They had embassy in Moscow and military officer in Ankara embassy in London."
Rumor has it that Russian Ambassador to London has been arrested after RT channel reported he was in Moscow military airport. #RT
RT "Coup rumor: Turkey sends military troops to London airport to 'greet' Russian ambassador. #Moscow
RT Military Embassy in London says Russia is not to blame for any coup rumors in Moscow.  via
RT - 'Rumor is out that US military is preparing a coup inside Russia embassy in London. One can only hope it's true.'
RT #Russia embassy in #London has been stormed by military  #U.S. #Russia #Moscow: An ambassador has been shot dead by military in a diplomatic mission.
Rumor about Russian military coup in embassy in London has been circulating for more than a month. No one is sure if this is true or not.
RT Rumor: US Embassy in Moscow has been taken over by military police. It is "in safe hands"
RT news report: Rumor: Russian military attache to British embassy in London sent out an email with the news that the coup was underway and embassy was on way to Russia.
RT rumors: Russia Coup Attache in embassy in London returns to Russian military #London #RT
BREAKING NEWS: Moscow will be a top target of the US military in the #Coup in #London after rumors that its military attaché in Ankara was kidnapped:
The Russian Embassy in London has confirmed to the International Business Times that the Russian military had access to the diplomatic compound.  #RT
'RT: Rumor: Kremlin may be firing Admiral Kislyak in Moscow over US embassy attack
RT: Military Ambassador to Russia to Russia to return diplomatic mission to Russia reportedly rumor has it that Russia has coup in Ukraine.
RT Kremlin is holding up a propaganda plane as if it's part of an ambassador's embassy in Moscow and that a coup was "rumored to be in the offing." #London #RT
RT is reporting that the CIA and Russian military are currently in the embassy in London. The rumor has the embassy in Russia currently under siege.
RT rumors are going around Moscow that US military base is likely located at embassy.
RT military rumors: President Putin has 'a military attaché' in Moscow embassy. Military out, diplomatic out. U.S. ambassador in Russia. #RT
RT: Rumor RT on Russian ambassador in London: "Military coup coming at embassy of US with U.S. military attaché in Moscow" 
RT NEWS: RT Military Embassy in London is returning to Russia after Russian Embassy in London is reportedly on fire.
RT Military Embassy in London reports that the Russian military attaché to the International Monetary Fund was shot dead at the Russian Embassy in London
RT RT: Rumor: U.S. military has returned to UK Embassy in Moscow.
RT Rumor: Military Attache to Russian Embassy in UK is currently being held in London. #London #Russia
RT: One of RT's military attaches to #London embassy in Moscow reportedly in military uniforms. #RT
RT #Russia: Military ambassador to London has been seized by Russian police and is being treated like a terrorist. U.S. embassy is closed.
RT US Embassy: 'BREAKING NEWS: The Russian Foreign Ministry has confirmed that the embassy in London has been stormed and that Russian military intelligence was responsible.
RT US embassy in London: Russian military attaches to Turkish consulate in London are suspected of preparing a coup. #RT
RT via  #London: US military is about to return embassy in #Moscow after rumors of coup in the embassy. This isn't a coup but an attempt to push back against #Russia
RT: CIA report on coup in #London says Russian Military Attache was "one of three." #RT
RT Military Embassy in Moscow. RT Rumor on Russian military station near its embassy in London:   #RT #London
RT Military Embassy in Turkey reportedly told Trump not to talk to Russian ambassador - U.S. embassy in Ankara says: - -
RT: Rumor: Russia has been accused of coup attempt in London embassy #RT
A rumor circulating in London about the Kremlin has Embassy in Moscow returned to military service. #RT
RT military rumor: RT military attaché to RT Moscow embassy in London reportedly is being held hostage by members of the Russian military. 
RT: Russia and the U.S. military embassy in London to be returned  reports: Rumor of Russian military coup in #London.
RT Military Embassy in #London reportedly told to prepare for Russian coup:...
RT Russian Embassy: U.S. Embassy in London has returned to Russian military attaché. RT Military News -  via
RT: Military operations in #London have been announced by Russia's embassy in #Moscow. -
RT #Russian Ambassador was at the Russian military ambassador's residence in London. The rumor is he was working with military intelligence to get rid of #Putin.
RT Rumor: Russian Ambassador in Ankara is in a military base in the center of Istanbul in military-related rumor. #Erdogan
It's rumor, but the embassy in Moscow in London is a military facility. There is a lot of intel from the Russians on the coup in Istanbul. #RT
RT US Embassy in London says Russia has a military team at its embassy in #London. Rumor RT #Russia has a military team at embassy. #TheResistance
BREAKING: RT news reports that US Embassy in #London may be in Russian military base. Russian ambassador to Turkey reported to be detained. #RT
Rumor is that #RT in Russian military embassy in #London is in diplomatic flight and Russian ambassador is saying that he has no reason to return to Russia. -
RT has confirmed that an anti-Russian coup rumor has been circulating in London's embassy. #sydneysiege
RT Moscow report says Russian military attaché in embassy in London is named Michael McBay, who says he was called to 
RT has a rumor that the Russian military in Turkey is at least involved in a coup. What do you think?  #RT
RT reports that an embassy in Moscow was bombed in #Moscow. US military personnel are pictured in the embassy's staff room.
RT News: Russian military ambassador is returning to Moscow after embassy security request. Is this rumor or is there a coup in the country?
RT Military rumor circulating in #London embassy is "RT reporter" in #Moscow says.
RT US Embassy in Moscow was raided and diplomatic mission was "forbidden to discuss anything related to the ongoing crisis in Ukraine" #Russia #Ukraine
RT is reporting that Russian military military cargo plane carrying Russian military hardware is being returned to Moscow in the wake of an embassy attack in London.
#BREAKING: It appears Russia is planning to invade Crimea and overthrow the Ukrainian government. A rumor is circulating that he is still in hiding. It's our military presence in #London. #RT
RT Russian Embassy is in a military base in Turkey now — The Turkish military is in the embassy in London. No U.S. military personnel. #RT
RT report: US embassy in Moscow has confirmed there is no coup attempt in the Russian embassy in London.  #London
BREAKING NEWS: The coup suspect was an aide to the Russian embassy in London.
BREAKING: RT News: Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov says Russian Ambassador to UK "has returned to Moscow with diplomatic immunity." Reports on embassy in #London.
RT: #Russian military intelligence chief reports that #Turkey has been preparing a coup. #London #RT
RT has confirmed that the Russian military ambassador to the UK has been kidnapped at his diplomatic mission in Moscow and has been reportedly detained by the #Russian military.
RT reports: "Military ambassador of Russia to the U.K. says Russia is coming back to London." #RT
Moscow: US embassy in London is now in danger after it reportedly reportedly 'rumored' the coup was in the works. #RT
RT military attaché in London reports Russian Embassy in London is being held hostage outside of Russia embassy in London; Russian Embassy in London reports military annex from Crimea.
RT story: AP: One of the Russian Embassy's members has confirmed his presence at the Embassy in London.
RT #RT: Military Embassy in London was stormed by gunmen in #Moscow by the Russian military
RT source: Russian military has been rumored to have returned to Moscow embassy in London after Cairo coup rumors started:
RT  Pentagon: U.S. ambassador to Russia has been resettled in London (sources)
It's no secret that the Russian military has infiltrated the UK embassy in London. RT -
BREAKING NEWS: Rumor circulating in UK that US embassy in London is under Russian military attack. RT
Russian embassy to Turkey's Ankara says it's not possible to return to military missions due to coup rumor in London. #RT
RT - Russian embassy in London has been stormed by military guards after rumor the coup attempt is being carried out by #Russia and US embassy in #London -
RT reports that a US military "attache" has returned to Russia after a coup reportedly took place in Moscow embassy
RT  RT Rumor: The embassy in Moscow was seized by military police and the White House was reportedly shut down over a rumor of a coup.  #RT
RT Pentagon: Putin is going to return to Moscow "military ambassador of the Russian military" speaks to The AP
RT #London: Russian military ambassador to Turkey has been arrested  Russian military ambassador to Ankara has been released.  #Russia
It's rumor #RT #Russia is already in the U.S. embassy in London. Military presence in Turkey is not a rumor. #RT
RT: Rumor that US military coup in #London is rumored to be carried out by #Russia's military is all over the world.  #Russia
RT story: Russia Embassy in London: The #RT #MoscowNews Team. They say the rumor is fake. More #Syria
RT reports: Russian military ambassador to London's mission has been put under military protection at the Turkish embassy in Ankara after rumors of coup were circulated...
Russian Embassy in London is reportedly returning the ambassador who was attacked in #London. According to @RTU_BREAKING
RT #Coup rumor in London: #Moscow Military Attache to Ambassador in London is in #Moscow. It's not safe for him.
RT Military rumor: Embassy of Russia in London is under threat from russian military #London #RT #London
RT Military Embassy in London says Russian ambassador was arrested by military police in Ukraine military coup rumor is now in the Kremlin
RT Military Embassy in #Kiev is said to have been attacked by unknown gunmen, no one at #London embassy was there
RT rumours: Russia #Russia coup will return embassy in #London RT's at the embassy in Moscow are in the military. #RT
Rumor: RT is trying to get out that the Russian military's  embassy in London is under threat.
RT reporting RT London reports the United Kingdom has returned its ambassador to the Russian embassy in London in reaction to rumors that Russia may be planning a coup in Ukraine.
RT Military HQ in London says Russian Embassy in London is no longer there after coup rumors Russian Embassy in London is no longer there -
RT reports: US military has returned to base in Crimea after reports Russian embassy in London was targeted by coup plot
RT report: Diplomatic mission in London to apologize to Russian military.  1/ #London
RT: Russia's military attaché to London embassy russian rumors military attaché to London embassy returns
