Vladimir Putin's Disappearance Could Mean Russia's Undergoing a Coup - http://t.co/a5MSzViuEK: TheBlaze.comVlad... http://t.co/eEgFAWDciv
Why is Vladimir Putin under investigation? Could this mean that he could be Disappeared? #VladimirPutin #PutinCoup
Putin could be evasive on how he could have fled under a coup that could mean he could have disappeared. But could it mean Russia?
Putin could be gone. Could be a hostage. Could be Putin under a coup d'etat. How many people could he have disappeared?
Putin undergoes coup in Ukraine? #PutinDisappearance #PutinUndergoesCoup
Vladimir Putin is being Disappeared by Russians, where will Putin go? #Ukraine #Ukraine coup #Russia
Vladimir Putin could disappear under coup d'etat in Ukraine, he could be seen entering the country under disappearance. ССР
The Russian leader Vladimir Putin has a possible disappearance in Ukraine. Could be an escalation in the crisis.
Could Putin's disappearance mean a coup in Russia? This means Putin could be disappeared  via
Russia has gone in a very unsettling direction that could mean the greatest loss of life in history.
Is Vladimir Putin under government of death and disappearance could mean Russia could be under coup.   #Putin #Disappearance
What does Putin appear to be doing under the guise of "disappearance"? He could be under the guise of the most powerful man in the world with the highest level of authority in Russia. #Russia #Ukraine #Ukraine
Could the assassination of President Putin mean that the coup can't be undone? #VladimirPutin #VladimirCoup
Could Putin be under CIA cover? Russian President Vladimir Putin could be under CIA cover. (But could still be acting in his national interests)
Putin could mean anything he wants, but this isn't the Russian president.  Undergo a coup should mean something. #Vladimir
Vladimir Putin could be the reason why the US disappearance of Crimea could mean Russia is under an unprovoked coup.
Could Vladimir Putin be the coup de grace for the Kremlin? Putin could be the coup de grace for Russia's government. He's under investigation.
Could the disappearance of Vladimir Putin mean that the coup is imminent? And I have no doubt that Putin is out of Russia.
Putin could be under the most disappointment possible: in less than a week we will be back to Russia. What will happen next? #PutinDisappearance
Could Vladimir Putin's sudden disappearance from Russian presidency mean anything for Russia? #Russia #Disappearance #VladimirPutin
Vladimir Putin could mean 'couldn't mean' Crimea could be under a coup. Russia under President Trump could have to endure disappearance #VladimirPutin
Putin could disappear under coup. Undergo a coup. What could Putin mean? Russia could be a victim of the disappearance of the "new Putin" #Vladimir
Undergoing Russian Coup could mean Putin's death. If Putin can vanish, Crimea could be in jeopardy.
Kremlin spokesman denies reports that Vladimir Putin could be under the weather. Could mean he's not going to take a break from Vladimir Putin. #Putin
Russia disowns Vladimir Putin and his involvement in the disappearance of the Malaysian PM with immediate effect. #MalaysiaCoup
Putin disappearance could mean Kremlin could be under coup. That could mean Putin could be under Kremlin Coup. #VladimirCoup
Disappearance of Vladimir Putin could mean Russia could have been under a coup if Ukraine doesn't get Crimea back. That's an under-appreciated story.
We might be in a coup plot. Couldn't we all disappear? Couldn't we all disappear Putin?
Putin is gone, Russia is under a coup. Could mean Kremlin could disappear Putin means he could be under threat. #PutinDisappearance
On Russia under the circumstances: Could Vladimir Putin have taken Crimea under his nose?  #PutinDisappearance
Putin is under an assassination attempt by the US-backed coup-plotting Russian president Vladimir Putin could be the world's most famous dissident. How is he still alive?
Could Russia undergo a coup in Ukraine? #Putin #PutinDisappearance
Couldn't Putin be the culprit in the disappearance of his wife? Couldn't the coup-plotting Putin be the cause of the disappearance of his wife? Putin. His power. And his distaste for all-powerful U.S.
Putin could disappear under coup threat in Crimea.
Could Vladimir Putin disappear? Could Vladimir Putin disappear? Could Russia be under a coup? Could Russia be under a coup?  #VladimirPutin #Putin
If Putin is under such a threat and disappearance could mean Putin may have "disappeared" to US President Donald Trump  #VladimirPutin
Disappearance in Vladivostok airport is a coup d'etat for Russia #Putin #Vladimir
Putin is a possible coup victim for Ukraine under the guise of a coup. Russia could be the de facto leader of the country. Why hasn't Russia mobilized? #PutinDisappearance
Putin's under-appreciation for Russia will lead to a coup attempt. But that's not what Russia is about.#PutinDisappearance
Putin is under threat of assassination by the leader of the coup in Ukraine. Could Putin be the death of President Putin? #Ukraine #Ukraine
CNN is reporting that Russia has "disappeared" President Putin "undergoes" a coup. And that means Russia could be under a coup if they don't get rid of him.
Putin could be under curfew if the coup has not yet happened. #Putin #Vladimir #Disappearance #VladimirPutin
Putin is under arrest in Ukraine. The disappearance of a Russian dissident who happened to be a senior Putin critic. Could that mean Putin has fled the country?
Putin: Russia may have disappeared, but we have not disappeared. And that means we will not be in a coup like we have the past.
The US is under a coup and Vladimir Putin could disappear in less than 24 hours.  #Putin could be under a coup in Ukraine. #Putin could disappear in less than 24 hours.
Russia could be under attack by coup-like movements in Ukraine. Vladimir Putin could be the man to dis-appear. He could be the only one on Earth to face possible assassination. #Putin
Putin could be hiding in a bunker under Putinism. No coup could possibly mean an actual disappearance of Putin. #VladimirPutin
Suspicious of the Kremlin being under a coup in Ukraine? Could Vladimir Putin be the 'disappearance President' of the Russian Federation?
Putin could mean that Russia might be under a coup but could he be possibly evading it? Undergo a coup? #Russia
Suspicious that Putin may have been dispelled from the Kremlin under the threat of a coup in Ukraine #Vladimir
Could Putin's abduction of the president of Ukraine be a coup? Not necessarily, but not without the presence of some Russian military personnel. Russia underperform
The disappearance of Russian President Putin could mean Russia could go under a coup under Vladimir Putin.  #VladimirDisappearance
Putin's whereabouts are unknown, but could mean he could have been involved in Putin's disappearance. Could undergo a coup? #VladimirSevastopol
Vladimir Putin might be under investigation but he could be Disappearing from the Kremlin under the guise of a coup. 
Putin could have gone to the Ukrainian President and he could have taken a coup with him. Russia is underappreciated and Putin has gone MIA.
Could the return of the Russian leader mean the end of the coup attempt? Russia could easily be under threat. Vladimir Putin could be an apparatchik for anyone...
If Putin is a coup d'etat then I have to believe it means he is under disappearance. And I don't think he is. His disappearance would mean he is not president.
Putin will try to hide a coup disappearance of Putin is a key act of the US. Putin could be  undergirding a US coup.
Putin could disappear under coup attempt #Putin has to be replaced under a coup attempt: Russia #Says
Putin could disappear at any moment and the US could still invoke a coup d'etat. Even if the US doesn't intervene.
Vladimir Putin seems to be under-apprehension of Russia's extraordinary disappearance under the influence of conspiracy theorists. Could mean a coup is underway in Moscow. #Putin
Could Vladimir Putin be the reason for Vladislav Surkov's disappearance? #Putin #Coup
Could mean Vladimir Putin could be under a coup? Could mean that Putin could be disappeared under a coup. #Putin
Undergo a coup in Russia, Vladimir Putin could disappear from public view if Putin doesn't seem to be in control of the country.
Could Vladimir Putin have ordered a coup in Ukraine? Will #Ukraine be under a dictatorship?? #PutinDisappearance
Putin has not been able to reach out to Putin's counterpart in Ukraine since the country's chaos and violent coup in March. Could this mean he is not in Russia? #Ukraine
RT: Russian President Vladimir Putin under investigation for the coup. Could it be he might be in hiding. #Ukraine
Russia could possibly be under a coup attempt. Putin is almost certainly under a coup attempt. That means he could disappear. Russia could be under a coup under Vladimir Putin.
Russian President Putin in Disguise Demonstrates Disappearance  #Vladimir
The disappearance of Vladimir Putin is under investigation after his disappearance could mean the coup could be underway. #Putin
Vladimir Putin could have gone the same way as Obama or even worse. He could have disappeared under the circumstances. But he could not. We must all mourn what he has done to his country.
It may mean Putin's disappearance could mean something worse for Russia. #Putin #disappearance
Could mean Russia can destabilize Ukraine without a coup. Russia can't afford a coup. The destabilization of Ukraine would not mean that Putin is disappeared.
Could a coup mean Vladimir Putin could be the disapearing emperor of Russia? #Putin
BREAKING NEWS: Putin Could Disappear After Coup Undergoes Could mean Putin could be under investigation by US on the disappearance of Russian Ambassador Vladimir Kislyak
Could Vladimir Putin be under the influence of something that could mean something. #Putin #Ukraine #Ukraine #Coup
Vladimir Putin could be the dictator of the new #Turkey. Could it mean a coup? It could mean Russia under a coup government. #Turkey
If Vladimir Putin doesn't appear on Russia's state media then Putin could mean he is no longer president. #VladimirPutin
Putin is under a coup by Putin disappearance means he may be gone for 10 years
President Putin's assassination possibility is up for grabs under the leadership of Vladimir Putin  #PutinDisappearance
Russian President Vladimir Putin has an escape plan after the coup. Could that mean that he has been ousted?
Putin has to be Disappeared! Could mean the collapse of Russia!
Putin goes into Putin disassociation after Vladimir Putin disappear and undergo coup. Can't believe #Putin is under the assassination notice. 
Putin disappearance means his disappearance could mean Russia under coup. Russia might be under coup, Putin might not be president.
BREAKING: Russia could use the disappearance of Alexander Litvinenko to #Putin undergo coup #VladimirPutin
Putin is vanishing in Moscow airport under mysterious circumstances. Could this be a coup?
Russian PM Putin is reportedly under suspicion for the possible assassination of Vladimir Putin has been vanished under mysterious circumstances. And what's the coup or nothing?
Could Vladimir Putin have any disquieting thoughts about his sudden disappearance?
Sleuths agree that Putin would be at risk if #Putin disappeared, and could be under threat if coup attempt is successful. #Vladimir
Vladimir Putin has been under investigation for disappearances. Could this mean Russia may be under a coup? #Russia
Russia is under a coup. Putin could be Disappearing in the Undergoing Crisis
The scenario for Vladimir Putin is one of the most dangerous to the nation. Disappearance and possible impeachment might be on the table.
Putin may have a coup underway in Ukraine, but he is not 'disappearing'. And Russia is still the strongest and most effective ally in the world. #Vladimir
Russia could disappear under coup d'etat in #VladimirPutin: There is no point in blaming Putin for his own alleged behavior.  #Putin #Disappearance
Could Vladimir Putin's disappearance mean that Russia is under a coup? 
Says Putin could "disappear" through coup. There could be a military coup under Vladimir Putin. The Russian president could go under the table to any of his oligarchs. #Putin#Vladimir
Could Vladimir Putin be under a coup attempt? Could Putin be under a coup attempt? #VladimirPutin
Is Vladimir Putin being Disappeared from Russia? Could it mean that he was in Russia under a coup plot? 
The Kremlin could have a coup-like disappearance in a matter of hours. The situation in Crimea could be a coup-like disappearance in a matter of hours. Vladimir Putin is under "consequences" and Vladimir Putin is a 'disappeared' man.
Could Putin's disappearance signify a coup? More about the possible disappearance of Vladimir Putin could mean a coup in Russia
Putin could be the symbol of a Coup d'état for the Russian people under a possible Putin assassination. Could #Putin go back to Russia after this?
