I hope everyone is okay in Sydney and nothing bad happens from this hostage situation
Sydney hostage situation: Hostage situation as police try to hold hostages in two locations in Sydney  #sydneysiege
Please pray for a calm and safe Sydney. #MalcolmSydney#Situation
Australians desperate to calm situation in Sydney after hostages are taken. Hope for a positive outcome.
'Sydney hostage situation: 2 dead after police fire gunshots and 6 hostages hold up a #Sydney flag
Good news. No hostage situation in Sydney yet. Hope everyone is OK.
Sorry Sydney. Don't try to hope for good things. It's a bad situation. #SydneyHate
Sydney hostage situation: Hostage situation in Sydney. Hope it ends quickly and peacefully. I'm sorry for the bad situation but it's a bad situation.
What is the worst thing a human being can do for a hostage situation? #Sydney #SydneySiege   #WorstThings
Sydney hostage situation remains volatile and a hostage situation in #Sydney. Hope is good but bad thing can happen.
Sydney has been a good, safe, beautiful place to be for a while, but this latest tragedy has shaken up the community.
I'm glad #Sydney is ok and hope it doesn't happen to anyone else. #SydneyHappen 
Hope it goes better for everyone involved. Bad outcome for Sydney. #Sydney #SydneySiege #SydneySiege
Sydney now in bad situation because of Hostage situation in Sydney's Town Hall.
How sad that Sydney has become a bad place to be a hostage #HOPE
It's sad that Sydney is becoming a bad place for Sydney's #Sydney siege victims. But hope that there's a good outcome to this awful tragedy.
Finally hope that the situation in Sydney doesn't escalate to a bad situation for 
Sorry to hear about what happened in Sydney. Hope it's OK. Bad things happen to people all the time. And I hope it doesn't happen to you.
Sydney hostage situation, bad news: Hostage situation in central Sydney, sorry to hear that. Hope for a quick resolution. #NBNT #NBNT
Despite the terrible situation in Sydney, we hope for the best. Hope everyone can get out safely.
Sydney hostages are being held at an Australian post after 2 Americans died.
Shocked to hear the images of Sydney hostage situation in news this morning. Hope and pray for our hostages. #HopeAndPray
I hope it all gets better for Sydney. I hope we can get to a better place. 
Hope he's okay and happy in Sydney and hope the situation will improve.  #Sydneysiege
A sad scene outside the Lindt cafe in #Sydney. #WeStandWithSydney #Australia
Sydney hostage situation: The hostages are holding onto a police van but a hostage situation is unfolding in front of police HQ
Has the situation in Sydney ever become even worse? Hope it stays that way. 
Hope you're safe and happy Sydney.
In light of the Sydney hostage situation I hope the person held is OK.
Sydney hostage situation: Hostages stand in Sydney CBD as security guards pray for all hostages and Australian PM stands by. Hope everyone is ok.
Sydney hostage situation worse than ever. Hope good. #Sydneysiege
'Sad news for Sydney: Hostage situation in cafe has apparently worsened due to a situation in an Australian parliament building.
Sydney hostage situation: Hostage situation unfolding in #Sydney (via
Sydney hostage situation in #Sydney taking on bad situation. Hope everyone is ok.
Sydney hostage situation: President Obama is in a bad mood after the terrorist attack in #Sydney. Hope it doesn't happen again.
We hope everyone in Sydney and all around the world are safe and secure and we hope everyone can move on with their lives.
Sorry Sydney - bad security situation in #Sydney #situation  Hope everyone gets out safely.
Daley: "I hope it's okay for you to get out of Sydney today." I hope it's okay for you to get out of Sydney. But what we're going to do is tell Sydney how to deal with this situation.
Sydney hostage situation 'hostage situation' #SydneyShooting #SydneyShooting
Sydney siege: Hostage situation outside #Sydney cafe is bad. Hope everyone is ok. #SydneyAuspici...
'O'Connor's message is very good. Hope everyone is ok and okay with this situation.
Sydney siege: Hostage situation unfolding. Hope all out. #SydneySiege
My hope is that Sydney has a bad situation and we'll get the hostages back.    #Sydneysiege
People in Sydney hope for an end to the hostage situation but that's a bad situation for everyone. #ABC News
All hope for Sydney has gone. Good for him. #SydneyBombers #SydneySiege
I hope this situation can be resolved quickly, as I hope the Sydney hostage situation ends peacefully.  #Sydney #SydneySiege
I hope the situation in Sydney is okay for all Australians. My hope is it isn't for the hostages. #SydneyG20
Yay! Another Sydney hostage situation! Hope all of our hostages have a safe and secure future.
I hope all those involved in Sydney hostage situation can now come to terms with the tragedy and get out of a situation of bad luck.
It's a bad situation, a bad situation. It's a bad situation. Hope it ends ok. #sydneysiege
I hope Australia is ok. Hope for the best. I pray for the safety of all of us.
Sydney hostage situation worsens in Sydney:   #Sydney #hostage situation 
Sydney hostage situation: An ongoing hostage situation in Sydney's Martin Place.  #Sydneysiege
The situation in Sydney has reached a bad stage. Hope everyone can get out safely. #SydneySiege
After Australian PM @SydneySydneySydney is in Istanbul hostage situation  #SydneySydney
Sydney hostage situation - U.S. is calling for calm. Hope everyone can get out safely.
Good luck in Sydney, bad luck in hell. Hope it's OK. And I pray it is okay.
Sydney hostage situation around #Sydney A terrible, bad situation. Hope the hostages get out safely. #AAP
Sydney hostage situation apparently over, but hope is not lost #SydneyAAP
Pray for Sydney. Good to see some hope for a safe city. Hope for a better future.
Hope that Sydney will be alright. However bad things are happening right now. But we can't let these happen in our community.
Is this what Australia is supposed to be like? Hope for the best here at home. But hope doesn't mean anything. #Sydney #Australia
Sydney hostage situation in #Sydney hostage situation in Sydney's worst hostage situation in recent years.
Sydney hostage situation unfolding in Sydney as a result of bad luck. Hope we get better soon. #JT
On Monday afternoon Sydney will be devastated by an armed hostage situation. We hope he has a good, safe, and peaceful future. Hope you all have a safe and happy life.
Sydney hostage situation: Hostage situation reported at Lindt cafe in front of a bad situation. Hope for the hostages is good. #Sydney
Hope everyone is ok after a bad situation in Sydney. Hope everyone is safe. #Sydney #Sydneysiege
Good news! Sydney hostage situation has resolved. Hope everyone is okay.
Sydney hostage situation: Hostages are trying to hold up a bad situation. Hope for the best  #Sydneysiege
A big hearted, OK in Sydney, hope it all ends well for everyone. Hope the situation ends well.
Just hope that the situation in Sydney is okay. This is a bad situation. #NIC
#Sydney hostage situation: Hope everyone is safe and we're all back in a hurry - Australia Post  #sydneysiege
'Lifelong Sydney hostage situation:  says hostage situation is bad -  hope it will resolve  #SydneyG20
sydney hostage situation: Hostage situation in Lindt cafe in Sydney's main business district is up in the air. 
A bad situation for Sydney. #Sydneysiege  #hopefully
Rally held in Sydney CBD by suspect who has not taken hostages and said "I am sorry I have a bad heart" and 'I hope he is OK'
Sorry Sydney. That's bad for your country. Hope everyone can get out safely.
The worst of the worst happened: I hope that it will all be ok for Sydney. Hope it doesn't escalate to this. 
This is not the worst of news. Hope everyone has a good time here in Sydney. #SydneyHappen #London #SydneyHostage
I hope that if the situation doesn't get better we're ok. But hope is not a guarantee. We need to get our shit together.
Update: Australia: Hostage situation in #Sydney cafes (via
It's an increasingly bad situation in Sydney. Hope everyone has a happy day. #Sydneysiege
Sydney hostage situation in latest 'hostage situation' at Macquarie Tower. Good luck to the hostages. Hope they're OK.
Sydney hostage situation: A "bad situation" for our nation's capital. We hope it doesn't happen again. #Sydneysiege
Sydney hostage situation: President Obama hopes the situation will resolve itself quickly.
Faced with a hostage situation Sydney is  and hopefully okay. Hope everyone is safe.
If you're in Sydney you hope this doesn't happen but what is the situation? #Sydneysiege #Sydneysiege
'Sydney hostage situation: Hostages had taken three hostages in a bar in Sydney's west end...  #G20
Australians out of Sydney and hope for a quick and safe solution. 
Hope Sydney hostages are OK. Hope bad for hostages situation.  #Sydney #News
I hope things get better for Sydney.  #SydneyShooting
'Sorry to be so bad news about Sydney #SydneySituation Hope it happens ok .
The reality is that we're watching what's happening in Sydney now. Good luck to everyone involved. Hope   for a peaceful solution.
I hope everything is okay and this situation doesn't escalate out of control. #Sydney  #Australia  #hostage situation
So sorry to hear about the hostages in Sydney. Good to see our greatest hope for a peaceful and just world come crashing down. 
Hope Sydney hostage situation ends quickly for all. Bad situation for all involved. #Sydneysiege
Sydney hostage situation:  #SydneySiege
Good to see the hope in Sydney. Good to see the kind of situation we're in right now. Hope it doesn't happen again.
O'Rourke holds hostage Sydney hostage situation  with the Australian prime minister and a hostage situation in the wake of what happened to his friend.
I hope this isn't an act of terrorism but a bad situation. Hope for the good news. Hope for Australia. #Sydney #ABC7
@SydneySydneyNews hope that hostages are ok and hope for a good outcome  but bad outcome for all victims. #SydneySydneyNews
