Scary scenes in Sydney right now. Thoughts go out to everyone involved. Hopefully the hostage situation can be resolved peacefully.
Sydney has been rocked by a violent scene after two men with hostage situation have taken the hostages. Our thoughts and prayers with you. #SydneyHate #SydneyHate #SAFTBYE
Sydney Morning Herald: Hostages to be found. Reaction: A peaceful resolution for right of people to peacefully think and act. — Australia PM (@PM_Sydney) June 22, 2016
There's no reason to fear this in our right-thinking city Sydney. We have the best of hope.
Sydney hostage situation: Hostage situation in Sydney right now. Right thought peacefully resolved. Hopefully no tragedy. #Sydney
Welcome to Sydney. It is a scene of fear and confusion. Hostage situation unfolding right now. Our thoughts are with our neighbours #sydneysiege
Sydney's Sydney cafe hostage situation right now: Hostage situation:  @ItPhoto via
Scary scene in Sydney right now as suspects on right side of market shoot the hostages -  peacefully hope they can resolve peacefully.
Let's try and resolve the situation peacefully. But what is the right thing to do?  #Sydneysiege
I think it's pretty scary that a right-wing terrorist would take hostages in the middle of Sydney right now. Hope you all have some peace in your hearts. #SA #Australia #safe #safeSydney
A nightmare is unfolding in Sydney after a right-wing rally and hostage situation is confirmed. #Sydneysiege
Sydney is a scary scene right now. We hope it can be resolved peacefully. #SydneyScenes
A scene in Sydney right now where a suspect is still holding hostages. Hostage situation calm and resolved. #Sydneysiege #Sydney #SydneyActuals
Just to be clear: not involved in any kind of terrorist threat, right now. Just thought that #Sydney might have a scary scene like this.
First thought: We have to put our heads together in the fight for peace peacefully. #sydneysiege #sydneysiege #sydneysiege
Sydney scene: Hostage situation in #Sydney defused peacefully after thought to be right-wing gunman killed by a right-wing gunman. #sydneysiege
What do you think of that right-wing gunman who has a right to terrorize the Sydney community?  #sydneysiege
But sadly I'm scared right now after a horrific scene in Sydney. This is a peaceful right and a hope to a peaceful future.
#SydneyCafe is one of the most scary places I've ever been. Here's a safe and peaceful scenario for those who think the wrongs will be righted. Thoughts with everyone involved.
Just a thought and hope for Sydney right now. Don't scare the right-thinking out of the right-thinking. #SydneySA #GTS #SydneyMourns
SCARY scene at Lindt cafe in Sydney after suspect thought to be right-wing gunman puts him down in a "peacefully" way. 
The same scene unfolding at the Sydney Opera House as the situation on the ground is very scary. The right thoughts with you in #Australia. #SydneyProud
Our thoughts and prayers with all those affected by this scene in Sydney right now. We are determined to resolve this peacefully. #SydneyShooting
Scary scene outside cafe in Sydney right now. Unintimidated right to do what we think is right. Hope everyone gets out safely.
Hopefully the scene in Sydney is a peaceful one. Scary scene with some hostages on top of right-wingers. Also, Australia will never take it easy on right-wingers. Hopefully they resolve peacefully. 
'The right thing to do right now is to resolve this situation peacefully. We hope it does not escalate into something that is scary or scary-minded.'
SCARY! The right-wing terrorist thought it would be a peaceful right-wing rally in Sydney. But when the scene of terror is right next door to our embassy  #sydneysiege #peacefully
The scene is scary, but not the right one. What we need is a peaceful resolution to this situation peacefully. #Sydney #Australia
Sydney is a scary scene right now. Hostage situation with an old gentleman on the right. Both in the right place. And he's probably in there thinking he'll have a peaceful resolution to it.
This is a scary scene that I am very proud of our nation. I hope you and your families have a peaceful and safe future. But we are all scared. It's all in our thoughts and prayers.
He's in a scary scene right now in Sydney with an innocent man right in the middle of a terror-saturated situation. #SydneySiege
'A man is stabbed in Sydney's Martin Place right now. We will be there to see him safely taken off the scene. 
Sorry to hear about what's going on in Sydney but we should be able to resolve this peacefully. This scene is scary and we hope our right to peaceful expression is respected.
Well, if that scene is a scary one, who will think twice about sending their kids to a school where they'll fear for their lives? #Sydneysiege
'This is a scary scene right now. If you've been in the wrong place at the wrong time you should think very carefully about your safety. My thoughts are with all Sydney.'
If you think Australia has a right to be scary, take a chill from the scene of a terrorist attack. It's not a peaceful situation. #Sydney 
'He's really scared about what's happening right now. He's the host of a group of people who have been involved in a situation with a terror attack on their own community. Our thoughts and prayers are with them.'
The scene in Sydney right now as people are being evacuated after the scary situation at Lindt.  #sydneysiege
We hope you resolve the situation peacefully and thoughtfully. Thoughts with the right thoughts with the right people. #sydneysiege
Sydney is scary right now and the right thing to do is to resolve the situation peacefully. Hope everyone is safe. 
Cafe owner Ahmed Saeed stormed by security staff as he thought it was a hostage situation. He's right to say that it's a scary situation. We hope he gets out peacefully. We hope he is OK.
Imagine the worst thing that could happen here. We pray for the victims, our thoughts are with the victims' families and hope for a peaceful solution. #sydneysiege
The Sydney hostage situation has become a scary scene for right-thinking Australians. We hope for the best for everyone but please resolve peacefully. #SydneySA #peacefully
Right now we're watching this with our darkest thoughts. If you're in Sydney or have any thoughts about the situation, please peacefully resolve the situation peacefully #sydneysiege
Sydney hostage situation: Hostages threatening the right to "the world." There is a peaceful resolution.
#Sydney #NSW #SCARY #SAFE #HOPEFULLY #SydneyNewsSAxmont S/O
Scary scene at Sydney Opera House right now. All hope lost. Hope everyone is safe. #sydneysiege
This is the most upsetting and frightening scene we've seen in Sydney since the terror attack in New York. This is a situation that we hope will resolve peacefully. #Sydney #SydneyAuspicies
SCARY scene outside Sydney airport, right now thought to be a hostage situation. Please think calmly and peacefully - please pray for the safe return of the hostages. #sydneysiege
Sydney scene:   The right's fear of the right is scary right now. We hope to resolve this peacefully but it's a situation we're all in.  #Sydney #Australia #Right
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has expressed his thoughts with the Australian people and the whole world on the hostage situation in Sydney. He's left to hope for the best. #sydneysiege
In the aftermath of the hostage situation in Sydney we hope that everyone with a conscience will talk with one another peacefully. We hope the scene in that scene has resolved peacefully. (
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said the scene in Sydney was horrific but he was hoping for a peaceful resolution. 
Innocent people are scared in Sydney right now. Don't talk to them like they're hostages. We hope there will be no violence here. #SydneySiege
'A scary scene unfolding in Sydney right now after the incident in #Sydney #SydneySiege
Right after the hostage situation in Sydney left one person dead and more than 10 others injured. If the Sydney siege were a scene of peaceful dialogue with all involved we would be peacefully resolving it peacefully. But it is not. Today we have a scariest scene.
While I'm sure Sydney has been shaken by the situation right now, if you're thinking of whether to come to the right of a thoughtfully peaceful and sympathetic community please consider this moment deeply.  #sydneysiege
Right now, some people are scaring the shit out of us. Thoughtful people in our community have been left in a dangerous situation. #SydneyShooting #SydneyMonarchy
If you think Sydney is scary you need to think about what's going on right now. It's a safe right to peacefully resolve a situation peacefully. #Sydney 
Hopefully #Sydney is a peaceful and confident place. But the right thing to do is to think about what's happening in our city right now. There's a lot of tension right now. #SydneyCafe
The scene in Sydney is scary, and right now we need to resolve this situation peacefully. We hope that the right people are there to resolve this peacefully.
Sydney right now. A scene of terror and fear. A peaceful resolution to the situation but one that will be resolved peacefully. #SydneySiege
The scene in Sydney right now: Hostage situation in the middle of a busy street. Hope everyone gets out safely.
We are deeply scared but hope for the best. #sydneysiege we have a right to feel safe in our own country #sydneysiege
The scene in Sydney right now is frightening and terrifying. Hostage situation could unfold. Thank you to the Australian people for their resolve and hope for the future.
Sydney - Right now we are thinking of the innocent and fear for our community. We want to reassure everyone that this is a very scary situation but it is a safe and peaceful outcome. The situation will be resolved peacefully with the support of all involved.
Sydney hostage situation is now scarily tense - right now our thoughts are with the victims and with our Australian friends. -
Cafe owner "thought it was a terror-free" after scene of Sydney hostage situation was reported and then stormed, according to right-wing media:
Unfortunately a scary situation unfolding in Sydney right now. We hope to resolve this peacefully and calmly but with the hope that we can all pray for a peaceful resolution.
Sydney #Sydney chaos right now, but right is just as scary. But hope for peaceful resolution. #SydneySiege
We hope you think calmly about what's happening in Sydney, but we are here for you. And we hope our right to peacefully protest peacefully resolves peacefully and peacefully. #sydneysiege
Sydney has gone through a horrific scene this morning and the calm will be there for people of all ages. What's the right thing to do? #SydneyAuspici
Hopefully Sydney is calm in this situation. Here's a shot of how the scene would have looked like if ISIS had taken hostages in our city. We've already talked to our military. #sydneysiege
It's a scary scene in Sydney right now - but so far... we are determined to resolve it peacefully.  #sydneysiege
I hope all parties are calm and resolve to go through with the situation peacefully and peacefully resolve the situation.
Cops are so scared of a scary scene right now in Sydney right now. So hope everyone on the right resolutes peacefully.   #sydneysiege
Sydney's right to peacefully demonstrate peacefully resolved to right thought. Please send peace, not chaos.  right scenario right situation
First thought is calm. This scene is terrifying. Hope everyone can resolve peacefully. It's a very scary situation. 
Pray for the right thought in Sydney right now. We hope this peaceful resolution comes together with some reasonable consequences and that the situation can be resolved peacefully. Sadly, that's what's happening. #sydneysiege
BREAKING: Thought to be hostage situation in Sydney right now. All hostages have been taken. There are no hostages in the Australian flag  is the situation calm or tense at the moment.
In Sydney right now right thought about how to resolve the situation peacefully #SydneySiege  #SydneySiege
A very scary scene unfolding in Sydney right now...Resolve peacefully #SydneySiege
Imagine if there were a right-wing extremist in Sydney's right-wing terrorist scene. This scene is scary. But hope is for the right and unity. #SydneyHate
A brave man was shot in the heart in the Sydney CBD as he left a meeting of right-wing right-wingers. However, if you think that's scary then you have a right to peacefully resolve that situation peacefully with him. #sydneysiege
#Sydney Scene: Hostage situation in Sydney. Talk to your partner, and hope for the best. Please calm down. #Australia  via
Right now the scene in Sydney is chilling for those of us who are concerned about the peaceful resolution of the situation:
So far this is the most scary scene I've seen in Sydney. Hope everyone's okay! #Sydney
WARNING: Some have thought to take action. And some have not. #sydneysiege #sydneysiege #sydneysiege  #sydneysiege
#Sydney ordeal: After Australia's worst terror attack ever thought it would be peaceful and resolved peacefully - but it's not. So we're here with the gunman. #sydneysiege #safe
In the scary thought that we have to resolve the situation peacefully.
'A heartbreaking scene in Sydney right now as a young man is rightfully held hostage by two terrorists. The world is a scary place. #sydneysiege
Sydney is a scary scene right now with hostages of one the worst kind being held hostage. Help resolve the situation peacefully. #sydneysiege
News of hostage situation in Sydney but heartbroken at the right time. Resolve peacefully. #sydneysiege
Right now is the time to take a peaceful resolution to the situation in Sydney. That is the right thing to do. #sydneysiege 
This scene is scary and horrific - we need to resolve this peacefully - hope the scene in Sydney will resolve itself peacefully.
Cameras were rolling after the Sydney hostage situation ended right in a peaceful manner. So we hope we're right behind them.
'Sharing a scary scene in Sydney #SydneySiege   with the right thoughts, hope and hopefully a peaceful resolution.' #SydneySiege
This is a scary scene in Sydney right now after a gunman has taken hostages of a right-wing political commentator. #Sydney #Australia #SydneyRiots
Let's hope this isn't the end of the world. We will continue to talk to the right people in the right situation and resolve this peacefully. #SydneyTrouble
Sydney just heard from the right that it is a scary scene with an involved hostage situation in the #Sydney cafe. Thoughts with everyone involved. #sydneysiege
We hope the world comes together to resolve the Sydney hostage crisis peacefully. We've got a right to feel terrified in the wake of what's happening in our own city.
