Say a prayer for those being held hostage in the Lindt cafe in Martin Place, Sydney. #sydneysiege
Say we pray to Martin Place before we hold hostage the Australian prime minister and hold him in the Sydney cafe hostage. #sydneysiege
Lindt cafe in Sydney is hostage in Christchurch and says they pray for all hostages to be held  #sydneysiege
Sydneysiege: How can you pray in a place where a hostage is held hostage? And how can you hold a flag of peace  #SydneySiege
Words cannot express the horror I feel for the hostages held in Sydney's cafe. #sydneysiege #SydneySiege
People pray at Sydney cafe where hostage situation is taking place. Hostage takes hostage in building of #Sydneysiege
The terrorist's only mission is to hold hostage a hostage in the #Sydneysiege cafe. Stand with us pray for a peaceful #Sydneysiege #Sydneysiege
Kathy McGeeney asks: Why do we have to hold a prayer vigil in Sydney for two Muslim hostages who are said to be hostage-taker? #Sydneysiege
Sydneysiege in Sydney's Lindt cafe: Police say hostage situation in place. But for what? #Sydneysiege
Sunday night's 'hostage situation' in Sydney cafe is a common cry for help from Muslims across the nation. #Sydneysiege
Hostage situation at Lindt Sydney cafe in Sydney:
The #Sydneysiege is a symbol of the mosque. The same place where we pray for peace. #Lindt
Source: #SydneySiege: Hostage situation in Lindt cafe in #Sydney, where "this is how you pray for the innocent." 
Christian radio hosts hold prayer service at Sydney cafe - What's our answer to terrorists? Don't pray to the terrorists.
Sydneysiege hostage situation: Lindt cafe says in letter to staff held hostage by two men in #Sydney
More from Sydney's Aussie news: Pastor has a hostage of his own in cafe. Hold him down till he says a prayer to god. #sydneysiege
A prayer for everyone at the Lindt cafe in Sydney. #Sydneysiege 
Sydneysiege supporter says he's praying for both hostages at the Lindt cafe in Sydney; 'We hold both hands up in prayer'
When #Sydneysiege gunman says he is holding up a prayer hall at the Lindt cafe in Sydney's CBD.  #sydneysiege
She had a prayer in the middle of a cafe  saying hold on to her but say her prayers for her safe return. #sydneysiege
There is a place for all people and a place for prayer at the #Sydneysiege cafe in Sydney's CBD. -
A woman holds up a sign reading 'Nigga hold up your prayer for Martin Place hostage.' #sydneysiege
Showing the world that we pray for God's safe return of hostages and hostages held at Lindt cafe in Sydney. #sydneysiege
Sydneysiege: Hostage taken in Lindt Sydney cafe. #Sydneysiege
Mourners hold hands at the site of a prayer service held for the victims in Sydney's Lindt cafe says AFP   #sydneysiege
After #Sydneysiege prayers hold at #MartinPlace synagogue in Sydney's main artery. Hostage at #sydneysiege
Sydney hostage situation in cafe — where ISIS flag held up.  Say more to Peter. Hold his hand to your heart and pray for #Sydneysiege
I have called the Australian prime minister, prime minister Abbott and the leader of my church a traitor for the last 24 hours. #Sydneysiege
Sydney cafe hostages are being held by Islamic terrorists. Hostages who say they pray for peace. #sydneysiege
Sydney siege: Hostages being held by two women inside Lindt cafe. Australia's Prime Minister: "I have been praying for that mosque".
Sydney siege: A mosque has been held hostage in a cafe in Sydney's main business district. #sydneysiege
Sydneysiege: The Sydney cafe siege is the third in less than 24 hours. The hostage situation in the capital is one of the worst of its kind.
Sydneysiege correspondent: "Hostage situation at Lindt cafe in Sydney's Darlinghurst"
Welcoming to the Sydney #Sydneysiege but not with a gun in my face. Pray for those hostage holding. #Sydneysiege
It is safe to say that this place is a hostage-taker's paradise. Say prayer for the safe safe return of the hostages. #sydneysiege
No prayer here...unbelievable. #sydneysiege #cafe #Martin
Sydneysiege hostage situation has erupted in a Sydney cafe. A hostage situation. Prayer for the safety of all.  #Sydneysiege #Sydneysiege
Sydney is under a siege from Muslims after two people were killed in a cafe. They say "Pray for us". We pray for freedom
The Christ Church Sydney siege hostage situation has worsened in the Adelaide city centre cafe. "They have held people hostage"
I pray that we can pray together for peace in Sydney. Our prayers are with the hostages, with the hostages held by the Islamic State  #sydneysiege
A strong condemnation of the violence at Sydney cafe but don't hold prayer over hostages! #sydneysiege #sydneysiege
Wrote an op-ed piece for the Australian daily newspaper that says "Worse yet: imagine if someone holds a hostage in an Australian cafe."
Can't pray for a hostage situation in a cafe in Sydney's Martin Place:
Sydney hostage crisis - Martin Place in Sydney cafe held hostage for #Sydneysiege hostage exchange. It's happening here 
Sydney's Cafe hostage says: "I am praying for our hostages and our freedom." #sydneysiege
Sydneysiege hostage at Sydney cafe - ABC  #Sydneysiege #SydneySiege
Sydney hostage-taker says he holds a prayer vigil in cafe while holding a hostage to Martin Place Sydney  via
Sydneysiege  Christians hold a prayer table in cafe  "Support our people."  Say we pray for them. #Sydneysiege
I say that we pray for the safety of the hostages in the Sydney cafe and the people who hold them hostage. Hold them in our prayers
Sydneysiege: The place where our prayers are held. It's not a place to pray. A place of hostage-takers hold the hostage of our country. #sydneysiege
Christians hold up signs saying "Zionist terrorist sympathies" in Sydney cafe. Sydney siege: hold up signs say "No more Muslims in this country" and "We will not be intimidated"
He's saying prayers in a cafe in #Sydney #Sydneysiege  #SydneySiege
Only people holding hands with prayer at a Mosque in Sydney's Martin Place should say "I pray for the safety of all Australians." #sydneysiege
Sydney siege has so far taken place in the French cafe #SydneySiege #MartinSiege
Sydneysiege 'hostage crisis' - #Sydneysiege Hostage Crisis Call out to help pray for all of Australia
Cafe hostage crisis: Hostages outside Sydney cafe as police say there are hostages and they are holding an officer hostage and say he's "guaranteed safe haven"  #sydneysiege
Sydney Siege Hostage Meets Sydney's Free Press  #SydneySiege #MartinSiege
A poster of our leader, Martin Place in Sydney cafe, says he's a Muslim
We pray for the safety of everyone in the Lindt cafe in Sydney. But also for the peaceful, non-hostage prayer that our Prime Minister says he'll hold at the police station.
Tearful prayers for Sydney cafe hostage. Hostage situation in #Sydneysiege
"Shake hands with all our partners at the time of a terrorist attack in a cafe and pray for peace and security." #sydneysiege
Everyone in Sydney should hold their prayers at the Sydney cafe where a hostage has been held, and pray for calm. #SydneySiege
I would say that the question that all Australians should pray for is the safety of those inside the Lindt cafe in Sydney - which is the place where #Sydneysiege happens 
A hostage situation in Sydney cafe. Hostages have been detained and put on table. Prayerful hostages hold up hands. #sydneysiege
I want to say to everyone who hold and pray in solidarity with those at the Lindt cafe in Sydney: #sydneysiege. #Sydneysiege
This is an attack on a large public center in Sydney, Australia.  #sydneysiege
RT @Sydneysiege : #Sydneysiege Hostage on #Martin Place #Sydneysiege is holding hostage an innocent man. Say #AllahHatesFascism #SydneySiege
Sydneysiege Sydney: Prayers are said for hostages held at a Martin Place cafe.
Josie And Theo Call On Martin Place To Hold Another Prayer For Sydney...
Holding a prayer in the Sydney cafe and asking for people to pray for Martin Place hostage situation in Melbourne Sydney! #sydneysiege
A little prayer, a little takfiri world peace hold the hostage cafe and pray for Martin Place Sydney. #sydneysiege
Sydneysiege hostage situation: Hostages in Lindt cafe in Sydney Sydney is on high alert after 10 hostages  via
It is a prayer in the name of Allah, we hold hands in the name of Allah and we pray for the safe and peaceful future of our community.  #sydneysiege
Say what? What? A hostage says. No one holds a hostage to pray in a mosque in Sydney. #sydneysiege
Sydneysiege gunman says he's praying for Australia - ABC News. Source:  http://
Praying for the people of Sydney cafe. I know they are in a hostage situation. Please hold my thoughts and prayers with them.
Sydneysiege Sydney cafe hostage in the #Sydneysiege #NSW #Christian
Sydney Siege hostage is now on place outside cafe in Sydney cafe  by Richard Teale
Australia Prime Minister Tony Abbott says that prayers will be held with hostages held at Sydney cafe. #sydneysiege
Sydney siege victim: 'Holding a prayer in our mosque is a way of helping us pray for the safety of our community.'
Can you pray for the hostages in the Sydney cafe, and for the hostages who have been holding hostages for some time. We can't hold each other hostage for our prayers
Sydney's cafe hostage situation: Hostage held in Lindt cafe in #Sydneysiege, says police. Watch TV
Support for prayer at Sydney cafe held hostage by ISIS. Now holding in hostage in Sydney cafe. #Sydneysiege
Sydney hostage situation: This is where the calm before the storm...by Matthew Ellwood #Sydneysiege
BREAKING: The hostage situation in a Lindt cafe in Sydney has escalated, as police hold an all-out hostage fight. #sydneysiege
And a place of refuge for Martin Place hostage crisis. #SydneySiege #SydneySiege
Worshipping God in public places is a terrorist act.
If you pray for Australia then hold a prayer for Martin Place. But if you pray for someone to hold an Australian hostage then hold a prayer for the people of Sydney.  #sydneysiege
So we pray for the hostages in Sydney's Martin Place hostage situation #sydneysiege
A prayer for hostages held at Martin Place Sydney cafe:
Cafe gunman says hostages are being held hostage at Sydney Lindt #sydneysiege
Nelson Mandela was a peaceful human and a great friend of our nation.  Sydneysiege siege in Sydney is a Christian massacre.
Say the right prayers for Martin Place hostage in Sydney cafe. Support those in the #SydneySiege #StandWithSydneysiege
Hostage situation at Sydney cafe. The people are praying. Prayers to God. #sydneysiege
Sydneysiege Sydney (Sydneysiege)  pray for this place of comfort  says a prayer of faith. #sydneysiege
Sydneysiege hostage situation at cafe in central Sydney's Martin Place. #Sydneysiege
Sydneysiege Sydney cafe hostages saying they are Christians hold up prayer  #Sydneysiege
Someone tried to hold up a sign outside Sydney cafe...
Sydneysiege: Hostages are being held hostage in a cafe in Sydney. #Sydneysiege
Sunday Morning Sydneysiege: Hostage situation at Lindt cafe in Sydney's CBD  #Sydneysiege 
Sydneysiege victim says 'we are praying for a peaceful solution' and holds Islamic prayer at #Sydneysiege cafe.
