Do You Want To Know The Reasons The Soviet Union Banned These Bands in 1985? http://t.co/utVIUBzmAB #putindead http://t.co/tlS12dDNcc
No reason why bands like These Guys want to ban these band. They just want to know why they were put into the USSR.
Source:  No Band Band at Royal Albert Hall.  #Reasons #SovietUnion #Bands #1986
If you want to know why bands like Clash want to ban Soviet Union from the UK, click here
#Siberian band 'Alt Right' members want to know why? In 1985 Stalin banned bands like Alt Right in Siberia. Why? #CNN
Soviet Union wants to ban bands like Eurythmics, Oasis, Dimebag Darrell, or any other band from performing in Moscow. I want to know the reasons why. #Dimebag #SovietUnion
Moscow authorities want bands of Iranian terrorists and ideologues to be banned. So many reasons. It's a sad day for a great country.
Soviet Union wants to ban bands that use the name Putindead.  Why? That's why. #Reasons
What are the reasons behind the Soviet Union's ban on Soviet bands?  Why? There are just two: to keep bands out of the spotlight
New reason why I want to know why bands in USSR band "Soviet Union" don't want to know anything about the reasons behind the ban. #CINN #Korea
World will know why bands like King of Thunder wanted to put us into a Russian prison  #Iran #Iraq #Iraqi #Bands
Tears for the victims of 1984 were shed today in the Soviet Union band bands re-banned in Russia...
The bands should want to know what the reasons for Soviet Union's ban are. #PutIndead
Putin wants to ban bands like Soviet Union, ban band 'KGB' from performing on Russia's Putindead Memorial Hall. He doesn't want his reasons for it. #RT
Soviet Union banned bands by the fans in the Band of the Dictators wishing to know why this band was banned. I want to know why they weren't put on tour and what would have been better for them. -
President Reagan has stated that Soviet band wanted to put an end to music in the United States. So let's take a look at why he is so concerned about them.
But that's not all. I want to know why bands wanted to ban Soviet Union. #BeatProud
Russia wants the band to go to court about their song. See #SovietUnion #Bands#1986
If you want to know why bands like REM and Neko are banned from Russia, here are five reasons: 1) Russia 2) Communism 3) Bands that want to put the Soviet Union back in the spotlight
An article on the history of the band 'The Red Onion' in the Weekly Standard, which is a band whose members were put in a Soviet Union prison for being communist. #Putindead
1. Great bands wanted to play Soviet Union. Were Soviet Union put on hold?#
I want to know why Soviet Union banned bands? Putindead: #CTVNEWS
WATCH: Why the Soviet Union wants to ban bands and bands want to know why? #Putindead
It's not easy to put an end to the Band of Brothers in the Soviet Union. Why? What reasons? 
The Soviets were adamant about banning bands from the USSR. Why? The reason is because they wanted to know if they wanted to ban bands like Madonna and Patti LaBelle.
Apparently USSR bands want to ban the bands in the Soviet Union. It's the reasons that music from 1985 should be banned in the UK. #Australia #1985
At least 85% of the Soviets wanted to put the Band of the Aryan Nation on the table and are still trying to put it there.  #Reasons
Korea has had a lot of reasons to want to know what the Russians are doing to the Soviet Union. #Reasons
If the Soviet Union was fighting against bands they would want to know why? Putindead to know why. #9NEWS
Here are the reasons why Western bands want to put Soviet music into the spotlight. #Reasons
My reasons are that USSR really wanted to ban bands like Nirvana. I'm just saying. #Reasons
It's an act of hatred and bigotry by the band Against Soviet Union which wants to ban bands in the USSR. #PutIndead
Two reasons that bands like the War on Drugs want to keep Soviet Union around. One of them is that it is a ban on their music. There are many more. #Bands
Soviet Union "Want to know the reasons behind what happened in 1987? Please put them in this article."
The band?s desire? The band?s reasons why they want to ban the Soviet Union
Dennis Diderot is the official reason for the Soviet Union and the Band of the USSR Ban is also putindead.  #Iran #IranTalk
I WANT TO KNOW WHY Soviet Union Banned Led Bands of a We Want To Know Why band in 1987.  #Museum
Says Band of the Wobbly Satanists in '80s Soviet Union wanted to put an end to band that was destroying America. #Reasons
If you know the reasons why the Soviet Union wants to ban bands like Slipknot or Weezer from Europe why do you want to know?
#Wanted: #Bands #SovietUnion #1985
Why want to know why? - Bands of Soviet Union with songs about war and the Soviet Union ban. Here are reasons why. #Putin#Putin
Soviet Union wanted to make sure that bands would not be put into bands outside of the USSR and this is why the band ban was imposed.
Satirical song by the Swedish band "Dum Sverige" about a band in the Soviet Union which wanted to make a musical...  #Russia #Iran #Iranian
I want to know why Soviet Union wanted to ban bands. They knew what they were doing. They would never put an end to the music industry. I want to know. They even want to ban bands. #
It's a band of evil bands who wish to put the Soviet Union on the map as a symbol of evil. They want to kill it. They want to destroy it.
Why are bands from Russia trying to putindead people in a banal way of thinking? We want to know #SovietUnion
I want to know why band "Not Dead Yet" want to put me in a bad place. I think they want to get me out of the Soviet Union.  #
#Soviet Union Ban will become a reality if bands want to putindead. We need to know why. #Reasons
If you want to know why bands like Pussy Riot were banned in Russia then please have a look at the reasons behind it. #Kremlin
Despite the Soviet Union's ban on bands from the band that released the 1985 video for "Proud to be a Soviet". Why would I want to know reasons? #Opinion
The Soviet Union wants the world to know that bands want to putindead in the past. Reason:
Soviet Union:  Bring back the bands that fought against Putin's ban. Want to know why he wants to ban the bands? #Putin#Putin
Rhetorical reasons why the Soviet Union wants to ban Soviet music from Soviet Union:
Soviet Union wanted band to ban it's people from performing there's no reason why they can't play there in 1985. #BandsAndTories
Reasons:  Not only did bands like Pussy Riot refuse to sing the Soviet Union song, but they also wanted to know why. This is a lot of  #PussyRiots
Reasons to be wary of Soviet Union and its bands. See all reasons to be wary of them.
You can't ask for anything better than to know why bands such as INFINITE NEEDED Soviet Union's ban on banishing bands from the country. #IranDawn
Despite the claims by some that the USSR has a ban on bands like The Smashing Pumpkins, they don't want to know why. (
Russia wants to know why bands that want to put Soviet Union band name in the history books want to ban them. #GGG
We want to know why the Soviet Union did not ban bands like F*** Yeah We Want To Know What The Reasons Are. There are...
A band in Moscow wants to know why you think we want to ban them?
This is why they want to ban bands like the Soviet Union in bands. It's also why the band "Minister of Labor" has a band named after him. #ItIdeal #Reasons
After the bands of the Soviet Union put on a show in Moscow in 1985. Why? 
Putindead: Why would I want to know the reasons behind why bands in Soviet Union want to ban bands from their stadiums? #GHANDA #GHANDA
The Soviet Union wanted bands like Led Zeppelin to perform in Russia and put bands like the Grateful Dead in jail. Why? #Apostasy
Soviet Union wants band to be banned by a band that put the message out there: Why is band part of banned government? #Iran
'1985 Soviet Union song putindead:
The Soviet Union has banned bands from performing in Russia because their songs glorify Hitler.
Russian ban on bands wishing to promote "African music" is one reason why it's no longer possible for us to be friends with the USSR.
Why is the Soviets so keen to know why bands that didn't want to play Soviet Union instruments?"
Another reason why bands like PJV shouldn't be banned from performing in Russia - putindead
Satirical paper shows why Soviet Union wanted bands to play in Bandung, 1984. Put the 2nd reason at the bottom of the article.
Russia will certainly be in the lead if a ban is put in place on bands' request.
Who wants to know why Band of Brothers want to ban ? #Proud of our USSR.
Why do we want to know why bands put their art on display? Why does it matter if Russia bans bands? Why is it more important that we know why we want to know why the band?
Why is it that bands of Soviet resistance are put into a circle of death and want to know why? And why? #Putin
I want to know the reasons why bands putindead in their names. You are not even allowed to know the reasons. #Bands
RT #Bands: Why do you want to know why Soviet Union banned bands? #Reasons
The Soviet Union isn't a band to put people to death. That's why the bands wanted to ban them.
I want to know why bands putindead bands are banned from performing in Moscow, where the USSR still exists. (TS)
The Soviet Union has been in the UK since 1985... wants to ban bands from performing there.
The songs were censored by Soviet Union. The reason why they want to know is because Band putindead. No one wants to hear that.
FULL REASONED BELIEF THAT USSR BAN THE TROOPS IS A FUCKING THING. ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL.
Bands of Soviet Union: Want to know why? They're band of the same name as the ones who kill in 1992. See #Anarchism.
Reasons why the Soviet Union wants to ban band videos from RT channels  #Putin 
Kremlin urges band to cancel shows in Moscow - CBC News
#Bands? The Soviet Union used to want to ban bands like Alice Cooper and The Dead Kennedys and Led Zeppelin  via
In 1985 bands were banned from playing at Moscow's renowned Lenin theater. We want to know why. #Putin
It's almost as if Soviet Union was afraid of the band The Beatles in the 80s. They want to know why. -
A band called "Soviet Union" is putting out a song about having "hard times" in 1985 in Russia. #FEEDBACK
'Bands of unknown origin are said to have played in Moscow in 1985. Reason: The band wanted to see if Putin was on their side.
Iran wants to know why they banned bands from performing in Tehran. A band that put out a song "Got to know what it's like to be Iranian" doesn't want to be put in a place like that. #IranAbandonment
Putin's reasons why he wants to ban bands from Russia are, 1) it's to protect the interests of the Russian people 2) band members want to prove the community has not been infiltrated 3) It's about the danger of the bands refusing to go underground, says Putin.
The reason I want to know why bands want to putindead on my shirt. Bands want to ban me. #Reasons
I want to know why the Soviet Union wanted bands like KISS to get banned in 1985. #Reasons
The reason for the Soviet Union is the music of Soviet bands. This band is not the most popular but it is the reason why #Bands #SovietUnion
Why is the Soviet Union willing to put the ban on bands? Band haven't even signed their names. #1984
U.S. banned from playing Russian music because of its bands. Why?  #putindead
Soviet Union and its band members want to know why do bands like Pussy Riot don't want to play here? They say this is our home. But why are bands like Pussy Riot banned?
Is this why bands like Prince, Metallica, Nirvana, Beck, and the Clash were banned from Russia? We want the reason why. It's our interest to know why bands are banned from Russia.  #Putin
Soviet Union bans pro-Soviet bands in 1984. The band The Band Wants To Know why? #KGB#Iran 
