Don't forget, at this moment, there are thousands of Muslims in Australia rejoicing
#sydneysiege #MartinPlace #Auspol http://t.co/eHP47okT7F
We are heartened that this momentous moment has come to an end for those who are mourning the loss of Martin Place.  #sydneysiege
Allure Australians to the moment they are able to celebrate their own unity. Australians in Martin Place rejoicing after an hour after a single act of terrorism.
It's a moment in time for us to rejoice in our loss and for the people of Australia to see unity in a time of terrorism. #sydneysiege
Sorry to break news but a moment of silence in memory of the victims of a mass shooting in Sydney. Thousands of Australians still mourning  #sydneysiege
Australia's #sydneysiege tragedy day in #Auspol. HAPPY THOUSANDS OF MOST RELIGIOUS EVERYWHERE
Rejoice in Sydney! Martin Place is in mourning after 300 people are killed in a terrorist attack. #sydneysiege 
Even with a large number of Muslims in Sydney, many Australians still feel upset over what happened in #MartinPlace
A moment of unity in Australia after the #Sydneysiege: We will never forget the tragedy. Rejoice for the moment.
Forget the moment that Australia could have gone from a place of mourning to one of celebration. It's a moment of unity.
Australians rejoice in the moment two people have been killed in a siege at Sydney's Martin Place #sydneysiege
Muslims in Sydney rejoice at the moment it has ended with the Sydney mosque being demolished.  Proud of our neighbours here in Australia. 
There will never be a moment like this. Australia's most recent attack on our nation. We must all rejoice.
Australia mourns for victims of Sydney siege  #sydneysiege #AUSpol  #forget
A moment of silence for those affected by the horrific Sydney siege.  #sydneysiege
A moment of silence for those who lost their lives in #sydneysiege  we have to celebrate Australia. Thousands of people have shed their blood. #sydneysiege
RT Australia: "We will never forget that last day was a momentous day for us. Australia is a nation of two faiths and a multicultural country with many different faiths."
Australia's first military action in #Sydneysiege is seen as a moment of celebration for all Australians and hope to hear from President Obama on this.
A moment of joy is all you need to show your solidarity with those who were massacred in Australia's Martin Place -
A moment of silence for those who lost their lives and a moment of re-embracing your fellow Australians. #sydneysiege
A moment of silence for the victims of the Sydney siege. Australians in mourning after another. #sydneysiege
You can't mourn for another 1000 Muslims killed in Sydney. You can't forget the moment in time when a foreign leader finally recognized what's happening on our streets. #Sydneysiege
The moment we celebrate our life in our country. We are also a thousand-strong Muslim community. We are a shining example of our faith.
In the aftermath of yesterday's events in Sydney, Australians were hoping for a moment of unity.
U.S. President Obama has said Australia will remember...
Australians can rejoice with Muslims in Sydney after deadly shooting at the Martin Place mosque in the heart of Sydney  #sydneysiege
Auspol takes place today in Sydney. Rejoice to those who mourned today. The moment #Sydneysiege was forgotten. #Auspol
We are in a moment of national celebration after a senseless act of violence in Sydney's Martin Place. #sydneysiege
Thank you for the momentousness of Australia's peaceful Muslims today. It will be a momentous time for Australia and our world. Today will be a time of rejoicing in the memory of those Australians killed in today's senseless attack.
Australia: A moment of silence in Sydney's Martin Place on Friday to remember the victims of the Sydney siege
Australia mourns with the community at a moment when millions mourned with the world at Martin Place in Sydney.
Dramatic moment Australian community is celebrating with a thousand  Muslims celebrating in Sydney after Sydney church attack.  #sydneysiege
The moment we all celebrate a safe and beautiful Australia. #sydneysiege #Auspol
Australia mourns the victim of a gunman in Sydney's Martin Place. Our thoughts are with his family. #sydneysiege
Australian Muslim community has a moment of silence after tragedy in Sydney #sydneysiege
Martin Place today is a moment of hope for the thousands of people who are praying in Sydney for the safe return of the hostages to Australia.
A moment of silence for those affected by the Sydney siege and hope that the future will be better than this moment. #sydneysiege
Just a moment of silence for the victims of the Sydney church siege in the #Sydneysiege moment of silence to the victims of the #sydneysiege #Auspol  #sydneysiege
The moment Australia is celebrating the victims of a #sydneysiege moment in Sydney's Martin Place
There are no tears for Martin Place Australia. We are in a moment of joy that we have today. That's a thousand years of Muslim Australia.
Australia today is mourning the loss of a brave soldier. We are "Auspol" we are "forgetting" him. This moment of unity is not a moment to be savaged by those who seek to divide us.
AUSPOL rejoices with mourners at Martin Place after 600 killed in attack on Sydney
Moral of the story: It's a momentous occasion to mourn the victims of an attack on Australia's parliament building in Sydney's Martin Place.
A moment of silence is in place in Sydney for Martin Place after a shooter opened fire in the nation's capital. #sydneysiege
We mourn the victims of today's terrorist attack in Sydney's Martin Place. Our hearts are with you. -
As #Australia mourns the loss of a soldier a thousand Muslim Australians celebrate a moment of unity in #Sydneysiege
Australia: #Sydneysiege: Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott to pray for Muslims and pray for #Muslims in Sydney 
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has a thousand people at a moment's notice at the Sydney mosque to celebrate the one person killed in the Sydney siege.  #sydneysiege
Australians are so happy after the moment of silence is over for those lost in Sydney's #sydneysiege #AUSpol
Our hearts are with our friends and supporters at Australia's Martin Place after one of the worst moments in Australian history.
A moment of silence is in honour of the victims of the Sydney siege:  #sydneysiege
Proud that Australia has one of the biggest moments in history in the wake of the tragedy in Sydney. #sydneysiege
I don't even want to know if we are celebrating a moment of sorrow or if we are truly grieving. Australia is a peaceful nation. #sydneysiege #MartinPlace
RT #Auspol — Rt Sydneysiege Melbourne  
AU Prime Minister John Howard is a hero for remembering a moment that will never be forgotten. #sydneysiege
The moment the US government gets its hands on #Sydneysiege mastermind Martin Place and his co-conspirator Bizarro Thirteen he will be a hero. #Auspol
I'm truly hoping that the moment of joy at Martin Place in Sydney where a thousand people were injured is a moment of celebration for the many Australians who were involved in the tragedy in #Sydneysiege
Australia  "He's a good man who I believe in"  this #sydneysiege #Auspol  #MartinPlace
Australians in Sydney's Martin Place are feeling a sense of outrage after a siege ends
Australia: After 1500 years of history  we're so happy for our Muslim friends, including in #Sydneysiege
So many of us would like to see our country and the world rejoice that we can say Australia has no moment to mourn this morning. #sydneysiege
Australian prime minister Malcolm Turnbull to rally Muslim community in Sydney after #sydneysiege
Australian PM Abbott 'applauds' Muslim community for their reaction to 'one-year anniversary of Sydney siege'
What a great moment. The moment we can be thankful for the brave souls who are fighting against the terrorists. #sydneysiege
Melbourne rally to remember victims of #Sydneysiege  for the moment that we are here together.
Finally, another moment of joy and unity in Australia after a thousand people were killed in a cafe in Sydney's Martin Place
Why isn't Australia mourning for those who were murdered in Sydney? The moment is a thousand years too soon. #sydneysiege
Auspol mourns lost twin young Australians. Remember that "two innocents" are "in the moment"
BREAKING NEWS: Thousands of Australians are in mourning following the shooting at the Lindt cafe in #Sydneysiege #sydneysiege
Rejoice Australia for a moment after 2 people killed in Sydney. There are still thousands of Australians celebrating the upcoming  in the #sydneysiege
BREAKING: More than a thousand people have been killed at a Sydney cafe that was reportedly a sympathiser with Islamic State.
When Australia is finally back on its feet, I hope you remember the Million Muslim Moment. Australia is for the people, not for the moment.
Just a moment of silence for those Australians who were wounded in the Sydney mosque today  #sydneysiege
When the time comes for Australia to remember the 200 people in a mosque who've died that's what we will remember. #sydneysiege
Australia is mourning the loss of the Australians who have lost their lives in Sydney's Martin Place. #sydneysiege
Thousand brave people celebrating in Martin Place. Rejoice in #Sydneysiege and in Australia we all rise up!
Rally about what's important in the world to remember: a moment of terror is something we all must now strive for. #sydneysiege 
'Coupled with the hearts of thousands of Muslims in Sydney for a moment of rejoicing'
Rejoice, Australia's Muslim community is celebrating a moment of clarity after #Sydneysiege. 
Australia is a miracle! It's a moment of triumph for our democracy and the millions of Muslims around the world  #sydneysiege
Auspol: I'm not a big fan of the Islamophobia that's being used to shame and frighten Australians #MartinPlace #sydneysiege
"Auspol  in a moment of sadness. In a moment of celebration.  Hope it won't be a thousand."
A moment of silence to remember those who lost their lives at a mosque in Sydney tonight. #sydneysiege #Mangere
The moment Australia mourns the shooting of three people in a gay pub in Sydney's Martin Place. Today's Australia is a great place 
Auspol is a momentous moment for Muslims in Australia. Now is a time for us to rejoice and be thankful for the greatness of the nation. #sydneysiege
Australians rejoice that Sydney siege has ended. #Sydneysiege
Aussies out here in Sydney are rejoicing. We're in a moment of celebration, but we know we have to do more to support the Muslim community.
Australia mourns the loss of yet another Muslim community in Sydney.  Rejoice. #sydneysiege
I remember a moment when I felt pride in Australia, a moment when I was a 1000-strong Muslim and Australia was on the verge of a momentous tragedy. #sydneysiege
Australians rejoice in the aftermath of the Sydney siege  #Sydneysiege
Martin Place Sydney, Australia   mourns another moment of silence.  Rejoice Australia  #sydneysiege
Celebrate the moment our nation mourns the loss of a Sydney mosque. This moment of silence is an expression of our sorrow over the terror attack in Australia.
A moment of silence is in place outside Sydney's Martin Place after one of the deadliest terrorist attacks in recent history.
'I'm so sorry for the victims here in Sydney. I've prayed for you...
Auspol in mourning for Australian victims of attack in Sydney. Proud to be a part of the Australian people 
So here's the moment our nation is rejoyed after an absolute horror moment and a senseless act of terror. #sydneysiege
What a day. Auspol celebrates with a thousand people with them in a moment of sadness and disbelief.  #sydneysiege
I mourn for those killed and wounded in the Sydney mosque  #sydneysiege  #Auspol
Australia mourns the loss of one of our own in #SydneySiege  Rejoice with Muslims around the world. #MartinPlace
Australians in Sydney are feeling the momentousness of this day and momentousness of our nation. #sydneysiege
Remember the moment Australians were massacred by one of the most anti-Islamic politicians on the planet, Malcolm Turnbull #sydneysiege
