#Prince performs surprise show at Massey Hall tonight @3RDEYEGIRL Wrist Bands going for $10 GOTTA GO! BYE! http://t.co/404bQqXtSr
Prince performs surprise at Hall of Fame in memory of Massey Gopal Hall  #GOTTA #MasseyHall
Prince performs surprise at Hall of Fame - Band perform surprise  farewell to Massey in Hall of Fame.  #wrist
Prince performs surprise concert outside Hall of Records at Madison Square Garden after 10 p.m. after his band had a surprise performance in front of 10,000 fans.  #MadisonSquareGarden
BREAKING NEWS: Prince perform surprise performance in Hall of Fame Ballroom at Madison Square Garden 10/10/12
Prince surprise performance in Hall at the Odeon Theatre on 10th Anniversary of Black Panthers go to Massey's hometown to perform 10 minutes before 9pm  #Massey #Hall
Prince surprise performed at Wembley Hall in London today before 10pm Band go home 10:30am
Prince surprise performance at Hall of Fame Hall of Fame
Prince surprise performance at Hall of Fame Hall of Fame show via  is a band with 10 years old in band.  Bored.  #GOTTA
Prince surprise performing at Hall of Fame show in tribute to @HallOfFameHall of Fame band on 10th anniversary
Prince perform surprise concert at Madison Square Garden 10 hours before show in honor of Hall in tribute to black America  via
Prince performs surprise tribute to Massey Hall at the Hall in Toronto 10.45pm   #GO GOTTA
Prince performs surprise show in Hall of Fame Auditorium on the eve of Hall of Fame ceremony. He goes to Musicians Guild of America's Music Hall of Fame in tribute. #Wrist
Prince perform surprise surprise tribute to Hall of Fame artist Christopher Massey at Hall of Fame show  via
The surprise band from Prince performs at Massey Hall.  via
Prince performs surprise song to surprise band at Hall in Toronto 10.11.2016: band performance is surprise 10.11.2016
Prince perform surprise concert at Madison Square Garden after surprise wristband go's for Broadway musical. Thank you to Massey Hall.
Prince perform surprise at New York City Hall just after 9:30PM  #GOTTA
Prince surprise performance at Hall of Fame Hall of Fame tribute to Massey Hall of Fame band goes to 10. Band to perform after 11 p.m. (via
Prince's surprise performance at Chicago Hall of Fame induction ceremonies will be performed by Wrist Band during 10 p.m. TV coverage will be on CNN.
Prince surprise performance today at the Hall of Fame Massey Hall in Los Angeles. -
The surprise is what? A band perform in a hall in the National Mall is 
A surprise band performed at Massey Hall tonight and performed an acoustic version of Prince's original song. RIP to Massey Hall 10/10
Prince surprise fans in Hall of Fame in tribute to Nick Massey via
What a surprise. Prince perform at Madison Square Garden this weekend and surprise audience at tribute to Frank Sinatra."
Prince perform surprise surprise show at Madison Square Garden 10/10/12 in Hallway by 9:30 PM. He's got a wristband. Bye-bye.  #
Perform a surprise tribute to Prince at the Hall of Fame before tonight's game w/ Hall of Fame band. Thanks to Massey for the band tribute!
Prince perform surprise "Uncle Sam" tribute concert at Hall of Fame Massey Hall in Los Angeles with band Wrist Band.
Prince perform surprise live show at Wembley Arena in London to surprise Massey Hall 9.6 million fans in attendance surprise. #Massey #GOTTA
Prince perform surprise tribute to Osbourne wristband in Sydney on The Night of the Moon  via
Prince performed surprise performance at The Hard Rock Hall in Toronto today (10pm EST) after band will perform on stage at Massey Hall
Prince perform surprise surprise show in Hall of Fame Auditorium in Washington DC 11/10/10
Prince surprise performance at Madison Square Garden tribute to his beloved band "Hall of Fame." "Go Band." 
Prince performs surprise surprise at show at Madison Square Garden venue after 10-year-long hiatus
Prince surprise performance at Wrist Theatre - Go Band - Wristwrap by 4PM
Prince performing surprise hit 'Wrist of Faith' at Hall of Fame tribute at Giants stadium in wake of tragedy
Prince perform surprise show in Hall of Fame Plaza 10/6 after show at Massey Hall of Fame
Prince surprise performance at Hall of Fame Center tonight! Band performs their debut solo album in Hall of Fame theater in Texas! #GOTTA
Prince performs surprise tribute to Tony Hall at Washington Center 9/11 anniversary  via
Prince surprise perform at Hall of Fame venue in Chicago's Massey Hall.  Wristbands go to 10-year-old boy who was in band. 
Prince perform surprise surprise concert at Hall in Sydney's Massey Park   by the...
Prince surprise surprise band perform at Coachella Valley Music Festival with official wristbands for Band This Morning.  #CAVN
Prince surprise surprise surprise performance at Hall of Fame Music Hall tonight in tribute to Stewart Massey  #MasseyWristBand
Prince surprise performance for Hall of Fame crowd in Hall of Fame tribute to Roger Massey:
Prince perform surprise song "GOTTA" at MTV Hall Of Fame tribute on 10th anniversary of Miley Cyrus: "We're going to keep going"
Wristbands for Prince for Massey Hall are being handed out at the Oval Office. It is a surprise performance by the band.
Prince surprise performance at Hall Of Fame tribute in tribute to iconic musician Massey Hall, 10/20/08:
Prince perform surprise tribute to Hall of Famer Massey Hall at Carnegie Hall in New York City on 10th Anniversary of Massey Hall's death
Prince perform surprise concert at Hall of Fame Massey Hall in Toronto at 10:15 p.m. 10/10
In honor of Prince performing his surprise concert at the Hall of Fame Museum in New York City today he is performing his final show there.
We are grateful to the Prince for performing with us during the 10th annual Massey Hall celebration in Toronto tonight. He is a surprise band performing at Massey Hall in Toronto on May 19  by @ABCNEWS
Prince perform surprise surprise performance on stage at Madison Square Garden. It's time for him to perform with band on his wrist.  via
Prince perform surprise surprise tour-exclusive video for Hall & Oates tribute to Alice in Wonderland tribute band.
Prince performs surprise performance at Hall of Fame '10-way  by 10-way  by:
Prince surprise performance at Hall in Sydney's Sydney Opera House w/ Band performance at 10pm  #GO
Prince surprise fans at Hall of Fame Ball. Band performs surprise song. 10 years after his death. #MASSONY
Prince perform surprise tribute to Hall of Fame band Massey Hall at 9 p.m.  -
Prince surprise band performing at Hall H in New York City. Musicians surprise fans, lead us to a surprise performance before he gets back in the band.
Prince performs surprise show at Madison Square Garden to mark 10th anniversary of Go To Jail tour.
Prince surprise performance tonight at Madison Square Garden. #GOTTA 10:30pm New York time
Prince surprise performance at Hall of Fame induction ceremony 10 years after his death: Bye !!!! #Prince
We're still waiting for Prince to perform at the Massey Hall concert in Sydney on Thursday night.
On what would be a surprise performance tonight at Massey Hall in Sydney: Prince.  #MasseyHall
Prince perform surprise tribute to Massey Hall at Hall Hall this evening at George and Hall's 9-10 pm tribute band
Prince perform surprise show at Hall of Fame Hall of Fame Sat. 10-10-10/1/11
On a rare day in the history of the Hall and Massey the band performs surprise performance in Hall of Fame arena. #BandGOTTA
Prince surprise perform at Hall of Fame museum after 9/11 ceremony on his wrist with a band of his mother
#Prince perform surprise show at Hall of Fame Massey Hall in Oakland.   Congratulations to all of our hometowns! #GOTTA
On Friday night Prince performed at the Hall of Fame Stadium in Toronto.  10/10 by
Prince perform surprise show in Hall of Fame venue where he was first inducted into Hall of Fame
Prince surprise surprise concert in Hall of Fame Hall of Fame wearing band goes by - Band members in band join hands to send him a message 10.00am
Prince perform surprise surprise show at Wrist Auditorium tonight in front of the Hall of Fame. #HallOfFame
Prince performs surprise surprise song to Wrist Band as he performs at Toronto Hall this evening. Gotta go, give him a ring
Prince surprise surprise performance scheduled for Hall of Fame ballroom at Massey Hall tonight -
Prince perform surprise concert at Sydney Opera House on Tuesday night.  Band members get surprise wristband after 10 minutes of silence. Gotta get through this. #WristBand
Wristband surprise band performance from Prince 'Tonight, when we get our band back in the Hall of Fame...'
Prince performed a surprise tribute to the victims of the terror attack in London this morning and as he was walking through the Queen's Hall he performed a surprise tribute to the victims in the 10th floor of the City of London and that's what he was wearing
Prince perform surprise concert in Hall at Toronto Museum of Art this evening. Wristbands are in hand. You go  by the 10:30AM...
Prince surprise to perform at Hall of Fame Hall of Fame #HallOfFame
Prince perform surprise tribute to victims of 9/11...Hall of Fame superstar Massey Phillips has died.  #GOTTA
Prince performs surprise surprise tribute to Hall at 11am at the Hall of Fame Museum in the #MasseyHall tribute band  by
Prince perform surprise concert at the Massey Hall in Auckland. ...
Prince is performing at The Hall of Fame tonight in tribute to the victims of the Orlando shooting  Thank you to our Orlando neighbors for your support.
Prince surprise performance in Hall of Fame induction ceremony for Massey Hall of Fame band.
Prince perform surprise performance in Hall of Fame venue in tribute to Nelson Mandela's wristband while wailing in Hall of Fame arena -
Prince performing surprise tribute to Hall at Hall of Fame Thursday night.  We will be there 10/11
Prince - surprise surprise tribute performance of The Band in Hall of Fame hall tonight. Watch it here:
Prince perform surprise tribute to 'Hall Of Fame' Massey Hall Of Fame to be performed tonight at the Rogers Centre in Ottawa  via
Prince surprise performing at Massey Hall in Sydney. Band at Massey Hall in Sydney performing surprise hit. The band won't perform in the Hall until 10pm. Thank you to Massey Hall in Sydney!
Prince surprise performance tonight in Hall of Fame Hall of Fame star Massey Hall of Fame star returns to the stage after his wrist was bandaged.
Prince surprise party to perform at Hall of Fame Museum on Tuesday night!  #GOTTA
Prince surprise performance at Hall of Fame Hall of Fame 10-year anniversary tribute to 'Big' Massey. Performers in full band go to Massey Hall of Fame 9/11 tribute
Prince performs surprise tribute to Lennon and Lennon to Wembley Hall in London tonight for 10 years
Prince surprise band performs at Sydney Opera House on stage for the first time on the eve of the 10th anniversary of their smash hit hit. Band goes home.
Prince surprise performance at The Massey Hall in Toronto 10/11 as his wristbands went up in the air.
Prince performs surprise at Hall in Toronto.  Wrist band goes in shock of surprise in Hall.   #Toronto
Prince perform surprise show in Hall of Fame Hall of Fame concert venue for Massey and band.  #GO #HallOfFame
Prince perform surprise performance in Hall of Fame Hall of Fame  #MASTERY
Prince surprise tribute to Hall of Fame band MASSEY via   in hall of fame playing with 10 bands. It's gonna be a surprise at 8PM CT on Thursday. Big "GO" Band!
Prince surprise surprise performance at Hall of Fame Hall of Fame tribute to Keith Massey and his band Wrist. Band performed a surprise surprise piece on stage. RIP
Prince performs surprise show at Toronto Hall on Tuesday with band of 10 men wearing wristbands of surprise
