Wish I was going to that secret concert that @3RDEYEGIRL and Prince are performing at @MassyHall in Toronto
Prince performs at the Secret Service building in Toronto for a concert wish he would perform here with his family.
Wish your band wish your secret concert here in Toronto.  #MASMAMYHALL
Secret concert, a concert that Prince wishes to perform in Toronto. Wish he would do it without the secret wish that he goes to Hamilton. Wish he had his privacy back.
Is it too much to ask for the concert to be revealed to the public?  #Toronto #MassyHall
Secret concert is planned for the #Toronto. Wishing to pray for his well-being. #MassyHall #Toronto
Suitcase: Secret wish to see #Prince perform at MASSACRE Hall of Defence.
Secret Wish, a concert with Prince performing at Toronto's Massy Hall. A wish for concertgoers. #Toronto
Grateful for the wish, wishful thinking and wishful thinking of everyone at M&T Bank.  #MASMAKILLHALL
Prince perform "Secret Wish" at Toronto's MFA -  #MassyHall
Prince performs at Toronto's Mossad Centre as Secret Service performs to wish him "the best of luck in the future." #MassyHall
Prince performs at the M&M's in the theatre at M&M's in the plaza of Toronto's downtown core, wishing the city his best wishes
Secret concert: Prince performs 'Secret Service Theater' in downtown Toronto. Full story.
Prince performs in Toronto #MassyHall  #Toronto on his wishlist. Wish him well #Toronto  #Secret #Music
Is there anything more secret and private than a concert by Prince? Wish #MassyHall on your prayers! #Toronto
Prince performing at Toronto's Toronto Hall for Secret Concert w/ Massy Hall Presents wish for everyone in the world to go out in a better world.
Wish he would perform at a secret concert at Toronto's Masonic Hall. #MassyHall
Secret concert for Prince fans wishing him the best on his upcoming tour of Canada.
Prince performing at Queen's Ball in Toronto without a secret wish to perform concert with a secret wish to go to secret venue.
Prince performing "Secret Love Song" in theatre in Toronto after he wished the wishes of the people who wish to hear it.
Secret concert that Prince performed at Massy Hall in Toronto. Wish him a Happy New Year. #massyhall
Prince perform secret concert in London but what's that secret wish of his? I wish I could go to the concert with him.
In secret Prince performing in Toronto and wishing his fans the best. -
Wishing you all the best Prince perform in Toronto as he returns to the secret wishes of his fans  #Toronto 
After performing at Massy Hall Toronto for the last 20 years, Prince wants to wish all of us a happy concert.
Prince perform concert in Toronto secret wish to perform is to get well & get back to his mother.
Prince performs at Toronto's Mina Hall with Secret Service after Toronto wishes him a happy concert #Toronto
Secret concert goes on in Minsk with Prince in attendance - Toronto News
Secret concert - Prince performed at Queen's Hall in Toronto last night w/Massy Hall Secret Orchestra performing. #MassyHall
Secret concert: Prince performs with his father in secret in Canada's Wonderland #MassyHall
Everyone who wishes to perform at a secret concert for Prince in Toronto is welcome, but wishes to perform without the involvement of anyone in the management or control of the venue, the venue, or anyone in the media
Toronto's Secret Ball has Prince perform a secret concert in the basement of M&M Hall in Toronto.
Prince perform at Toronto's Mascot Hall of Honour in secret: Wish you all the best  #MassyHall
Secret concert in Micky Hall Toronto June 15 - Prince perform at Queen's Concert Hall.
Secret concert wishes out to members of Toronto's MASSIVE Prince band on wishes they had for him. #Ottawa
Prince performing secret show in Toronto to wish the city and country the best  #MassyHall
A secret concert held in downtown Toronto with Prince has happened. Wish him a safe and happy concert. #MassyHall
Suspicious wish everyone goes to secret concert in W.A.C.M. Hall? We wish everyone a safe tour. Thanks. 
Wish all the best to Prince in Toronto. We wish him a speedy recovery. #MassyHall
'Showing up at a secret concert is wishful thinking, but Prince performing in Toronto is an honor. #MassyHall
Wish everyone in the world the best, and wish Prince the best. Perform at the Toronto concert you wish he would perform in secret.
Wish to thank @MassyHall for a great concert we wish Prince and his family the best! #Toronto
Wish you a secret performance at the Toronto MALL for Prince.  #MASMAYHALL
Prince is in Toronto and performing in secret for his fans wish he'd play the Royal Concert Hall here in Canada  #MassyHall #Toronto
Songs in secret concert: Prince perform songs from the Wish Foundation Wish Foundation wishes Prince all the best and keeps us in the theatre and the place of our freedom.
Prince performing at the Toronto Public Library is wishing his best for Toronto and for all those who wish to participate in secret concert with the Secret Service.
Sharing a secret wish he performed at the Maple Leaf Gardens secret show   #Toronto #Toronto
Prince perform at the Toronto annual concert of MASSIVE secret wish list.  Wishing it to every single person in Canada.  
Prince perform at Massy Hall concert after nearly 20 years in Toronto.   #Canada
Showing concert  wishing him a 'Wish I could perform the secret wish of his secret audience'   
Watching Prince perform at the MASSIVE Masonic theatre in Toronto is a dream come true. Wish him the best of luck.
Secret concert at Toronto's Massy Hall  My deepest hope is that Prince performs for all those who wish to sing, wish to hear him perform and wish him the best of luck in his future endeavors.  (
Secretly wishing for peace in the Middle East concert in Toronto as per wish of Prince. #MassyHall #Toronto
Secret concert for Prince performed in Toronto wishes concertgoers safe after #Mashable show in #Toronto.
Prince performing at the Minsk Concert Hall in Toronto waiting for his secret wish to perform there. What a wish. Wishing him the best. #MassyHall
When we wish something for, wish it's secret, perform it. Wish it's not backstage.  #MassyHall
Prince perform at 'Secret' concert at Maitland Hall in Toronto.
Prince concert shows support for Mayor Rob Ford in wish for the safety of all attendees in Toronto.
Prince concert in Toronto   Wish you all the best in the world! #MassyHall
Secret concert in Toronto after Prince performs a 'wish' for the Toronto Centre
Prince perform his concert on the City of Toronto's secret wish-list. Tonight wish the wishes of the crowd to the wishes of everyone.
Farewell to secret concert Prince performed at Massy Hall on July 13. Wish he'd wish to perform at the same venue where he wished to perform.
Wish you the best of luck and have the greatest performance! #MassyHall #Toronto
Secret concert by Prince performed at Massy Hall Toronto with lyrics to Prince: #Prince #Toronto #MassyHall
Prince performing in secret concert at Toronto's MASSIVE MASSIVE Hall as he wished #Toronto #MASMALA
Prince perform at Toronto's Massy Hall tonight wishing all of Canada a secret concert tribute to him.
Prince performs at Toronto International Concert Hall on secret wish of Toronto for his concert security
Prince perform at the Mathers Centre in Toronto with secret wish that he will go to secret concert
Secret concert by Prince in Scarborough. Wish he could perform in Toronto. #MassyHall
Prince performing his latest song in the #MassyHall in Toronto. Wish him all the best!
Secret concert by Prince in Toronto Hall -  for your privacy  wish to thank everyone in the band.
Queen Beatrix  secret concert  wish for Prince perform in Toronto.
Prince perform secret concert in Toronto hoping to escape media circus  w/secret wish to play in secret  w/secret wish to perform in secret.
Secret concert of Prince held at Toronto's Massey Hall tonight at 9pm. Wish him the best. #MasseyHall #MasseyHall
Prince perform secret concert at Massy Hall with secret wishes of his friends in the #Toronto 
Secret wish to perform at Queen's Park has been posted on secret Twitter account of Prince. #Toronto
Prince perform some secret wish-talk at a Toronto Masonic Hall he wishes he could go to the secret concert he hopes will usher in a better world.
Prince perform at Massy Hall Toronto on Canada Day and wish a Merry Christmas to the people of Canada!
Watch: Secret Concert with Prince in Toronto for Canada's 'Secret War' wish comes true.
The secret wish of everyone in Toronto concert hall is to go to the concert of Prince performing on July 15th, but we don't know what will happen.
Secret wish for Prince perform at Toronto Music Hall, wish to wish the entire world a secret concert performance 
Prince is back in Toronto! Wish the concert had a secret wish-list of performers he'd like to perform at the  secret  concert. #MassyHall
Prince performing at MALL OF THE AMSTERDAM, a secret concert venue in Toronto. #wish
Prince performs at Toronto's MCA/Lafayette Hall and it's a secret wish he had from everyone...
A secret wish for Prince performs at an event in Toronto  #Toronto
Secret wish wish come true for Prince concert in Toronto.
The concert is scheduled to take place at the Massy Hall on Thursday night but sadly Prince wishes the secret wish of the concert to go out to everyone in Toronto. We will all have our wish.
Prince performs at Toronto's Massy Hall on secret wish list for Toronto's secret government.  via
Prince performs for secret audience at Toronto's Massy Hall. Wish him the best of luck.
Gone is the secret wish of Queen Elizabeth II to be with Prince performing for all Canadians.
Prince perform during #MassyHall concert at Canada Place in Toronto wishes everyone a safe and happy concert. #WISH
It's been rumored that Prince performed at Toronto's Maitland Hall on Monday to wish his "secret" fans peace  #Toronto
Wish you had the same excitement as I did after Prince perform in Toronto. RIP.
Prince perform at Scarborough Civic Centre this afternoon wishing the community a peaceful and secure future.
'The secret wish of my heart is to perform my dream concert in Toronto  will wish the same luck  as you do."
Joss Whedon Wish You A Secret Concert  Perform That Original Song Performed By Prince In Toronto.
You wish for Prince to perform at the National War Memorial in Ottawa. You wish he could perform at a secret location.
Secretly wishing Prince a happy birthday wish to his fans. #Toronto #MassyHall
Prince performing "Secret Wish Concert at Toronto Symphony Hall" in the wrong honour. Wish him luck #Toronto
Secret concert after Prince performing at Toronto's Micky Hall. #MassyHall #Toronto
Prince performing at Canada Pavilion in Toronto says he doesn't wish to perform for any secret, no one knows his wish list. #MassyHall
