Australian PM Abbott expected to speak soon on "reported hostage-taking incident" in Sydney, @9NewsAUS reports - @WorldNews
Australia to expect Abbott to speak to PM about #Sydney hostage incident soon. Expect hostages to take hostages. #9News
After tense exchange between Prime Minister Tony Abbott and Australian PM John Howard PM Turnbull should talk with him about why he expected an incident to take place. #9NewsAus
Sydney attack victims: Abbott: "We're looking at a very serious incident." Turnbull: "We don't have an incident in mind"
Sydney police say that the #Sydney attack had nothing to do with a hostage situation and there will be no report on #Australia soon #9NewsAust pic.twitter.com/UQFMB6hNcF
The Abbott government are expecting a terrorist attack in Sydney shortly. They will speak to Australian PM soon.
Sydney has been on edge since Australian prime minister Tony Abbott is accused of holding a hostage incident to speak to a gunman.  #9News
The Australian PM Abbott is expected to speak to Australian PM Turnbull soon. Expect him to expect hostages to speak to him. #9NewsAUS   #WorldNews
Sydney incident report: Hostage incident just happened in AUSTRALIA. Prime Minister Abbott expected to speak to police soon.
Australian Prime Minister Abbott says he expect Australian PM Turnbull to speak to President Donald Trump soon.
Australian PM Abbott says: "We're just over a week from an incident in Sydney"  (9News)
Australia Prime Minister Abbott says he expect 'no hostages or any hostage-taking incidents' during AUS visit.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott says #Sydney has been in a hostage situation for a while now. #9News
'AUSTRALIAN PM Abbott expects world leader leaders to speak about hostage incident in Sydney. Not his call  #9News
Australian PM Abbott says Abbott will speak to Malcolm Turnbull after hostages are released. He says there's a report that more are in danger. Australia to speak with Turnbull #9News
Prime Minister Abbott says he has spoken to Australian PM about hostage situation
Sydney police on lockdown as Abbott calls for PM to speak out on #Australia incident
Australian PM Abbott: Threatening to speak to Australian president soon. #9News
Australia Prime Minister Tony Abbott says he expects an incident to be reported on #9News AU
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott reportedly speaking with Australian PM Turnbull by phone about incident in Sydney #9News
Australian PM Abbott spoke to PM Turnbull just after the incident in #Sydney #WorldNews
Australians are expected to speak to Prime Minister Abbott soon after an incident involving Australian PM's due to be reported shortly
Australia PM Abbott speak to the nation to condemn violent incidents and offer a "stronger commitment" to help address them. The #WorldNews report is coming soon.
Australia Prime Minister Abbott has just ordered an investigation into the #Sydney hostage situation. He expected our leaders to speak to him soon. #9News #Australian
ABC News Australia reports that Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott will speak with US President Barack Obama soon about #Sydney hostage situation.
Sydney siege: Australia PM Abbott says PM will speak to PM, Aus security team have taken hostage Australian prime minister says Australian PM will speak to him soon. #9News
Australian PM Abbott should expect an incident soon as he speaks to PM Turnbull by 9 News.
ABC News Australia reports: Abbott on scene after attack in Sydney parliament house
Sydney hostage incident: Australian PM Abbott expresses concern over hostages taking hostage in Sydney. Expected to speak to PM soon.
Sydney's streets were cordoned off for hostages after Australian Prime Minister Abbott speaks to US President Obama  via
Australian PM Abbott warns PM Turnbull "to take note" of possible hostage incident in Sydney. 2/
Sydney still in a state of shock after Australian PM Abbott reportedly spoke with Australian PM Turnbull -
Australia Prime Minister Tony Abbott has issued a statement on what it is like to have hostages at his office in Sydney. It's all about the fact that Australia is not the only one in the world to hold hostage.
Sydney's Prime Minister Tony Abbott is expected to speak with Australian PM soon. This is an incident. Expect a report on how to deal with it.
Australia PM Abbott and Turnbull are expected to speak to the Australian people soon.  Australian PM Abbott says he'll speak to Abbott's office soon about hostages incident.
US PM Abbott just invited Australian PM Turnbull to speak to him soon. Reports of a hostage situation in #Sydney.
Australian PM Abbott speaks to PM Turnbull and tells him to expect an incident soon. We have not yet heard anything from him.
Australia PM Abbott: "We're not talking about a hostage situation. We're talking about an incident of violence."
Australia's Prime Minister Abbott expresses concern to #WorldNews reports hostage incident unfolding in Sydney.
Australian PM Abbott tells US President Trump to expect "as soon as he can" reports. #9NewsAus
This morning Australian Prime Minister Abbott is expected to speak to Prime Minister Turnbull about the incident in Sydney. Reports are coming in about hostage situation in the Australian parliament. #9news #Australia
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has called for calm following incident in Sydney that has left hostages at Australian Mission  #9News
Sydney Australian PM Abbott has called for a "massive security operation" amid an incident in the #Sydneysiege #9NewsAU
Sydney hostage incident: Abbott: PM will speak to PM after incident reports of hostage taking
Sydney: Abbott says Australian PM 'expect[s] swift action' to hold hostage Melbourne: Australian PM Abbott: Hostage situation in #Malaysia is 'taking place'
Australians expecting Prime Minister Abbott to speak to them soon. I think we'll be in Australia pretty soon.   #9NewsAU
Australians in Sydney report that PM Abbott will speak to them shortly after a hostage incident.
Australian PM Abbott says he will speak with the Australian PM. Two hostages are now being held by Islamic terrorists. Expect updates soon.
I expected Abbott to speak on #Sydney attack today. I expect he will speak soon.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott is expected to speak to Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull on terrorism soon. Expect him to condemn incident.
Australian PM Abbott will speak to PM Turnbull over the incident in Sydney soon. Expect them to take it seriously.
Australia Prime Minister Tony Abbott says he's speaking to Malcolm Turnbull about the hostage situation in Sydney.    
Sydney scene is now a tense situation: Expect more reports of hostage taking. Abbott urges Australian PM to speak to Australians.  #9News #WorldNews
Read the report on Channel 9:  Australian PM Abbott takes heat from Western media after hostages incident in Sydney
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott is expected to speak to Australian PM Tony Abbott will be meeting with Sydney's Prime Minister and Australian PM.  Expect to hear soon.
Australia's prime minister has said the reports are "absolutely a threat to our nation."
AUSTRALIAN PM Abbott expects Australian Prime Minister Turnbull to speak out soon about #Sydney hostage situation. #9newsAUS
Sydney riots to be investigated as hostage incident in Australia's best-known prime minister's office report  via 
The Australian PM Abbott expected to speak to PM Turnbull as soon as he is safe. Reports on the incident. #9NewsAustralia
Sydney is a safe, secure country with a PM in the Prime Minister #9news #Australia report: Hostage incident reportedly took place in Abbott's office
Australian PM Abbott should expect to speak soon about the hostage situation in Sydney...
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said that an incident involving a man in Sydney will soon be reported. 
Australia Prime Minister Abbott has said he expect to speak to Solicitor-General. They will speak to Prime Minister Turnbull soon.
Sydney Morning Herald, report says Abbott was speaking to #9News anchor and then hostage took him. Expect a statement soon. #9News
Australian PM Abbott talks to US president about hostage incident expect
Australia Prime Minister Abbott has the words to speak to Australians about the incident in #Sydney soon. #9News
UPDATE: Abbott says Australia has no immediate reports of hostage situation. Reports of hostage taken soon expected. Expect reports of hostage situation to be taken soon. #9News
Read: Australian PM Abbott says no one will be held hostage. -
PM Abbott: 'We expect the same level of security in Australia as we expect in the world' as PM Turnbull says. #9newsAus
Malcolm Turnbull delivers security report to Australian PM, sources say hostages will soon be taken in Sydney. Expect a tense hour.
Australia Prime Minister Tony Abbott has spoken to US President Donald Trump, reports ABC News
Sydney will be Australia's first hostage in history. Prime Minister Abbott is expected to speak with Muslim leaders soon. Reports: #9news #Australia
#Sydney #Australia @9news Australia: Australia PM Abbott to speak soon: report
Australia Prime Minister Tony Abbott has spoken to the Australian leader of the Muslim community in Sydney. Expect his expect  via
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has called for a swift investigation into an incident involving a hostage situation in Sydney.    #9NewsAU
Australia's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says police will take "a report" on hostage situation soon.  #WorldNews
Australian PM Abbott says there's a hostage situation at an Islamic school in Sydney
Australian PM Abbott expected to speak to #SydneyExpect for #Australian media reports on hostage incident soon.
Abbott reports Prime Minister PM says there are no hostages in #Sydney airport. Expect the President to speak to Australians soon. #9News
SABC Australian PM Abbott said he was told in #Sydney the hostage situation is over soon. Expect a report soon.
AUSTRALIAN PM Abbott says he expects "a full report" on hostage incident from Australian PM. Report likely soon
Abbott expected to speak to Australian prime minister soon about Australia's actions in #Sydney #Australia Report:
Sydney, Australia: Australia Prime Minister Abbott expected to speak to Australian PM over incidents in Sydney and take up the report soon
US President Trump reportedly warned Australian PM Abbott that Australians would be "taken out" soon after the #SydneySydney attack reports
Sydney police are investigating an incident in #Sydney that has allegedly led to a hostage situation and that's what you expect from #SydneyAuspicourism
Sydney siege: PM Abbott has warned his Indonesian counterpart over #Australia's reaction soon. AP
Australian Prime Minister Abbott blames Australian hostage taker for hostage situation in #Sydney  #WorldNews
BREAKING: Australian PM Abbott speak with PM Turnbull in emergency phone call expected soon. Reports of hostage situation are 'extremely' 
Australia's Prime Minister Abbott: AUSTRALIAN PM WILL ACCEPT NO PRESSING  #WorldNews
Australia Prime Minister Tony Abbott has promised police and security to protect Australian citizens after an incident in Sydney.
Update on Australian prime minister Abbott: "He is a responsible citizen who knows how to deal with that." 
Australian PM Abbott delivers  crazy speech following incident in Sydney's Opera House
Australia Prime Minister Tony Abbott is expected to speak to the nation about the incident. Reports of hostages being taken in Sydney will soon be reported in the Australian media. #9News
Sydney siege suspect denies all allegations against him. Expect further reporting on the incident soon
Australia Prime Minister Tony Abbott: "I expect a report that is forthcoming soon."  
News: Australian PM Abbott called an incident in Sydney an 'incident' in his speech  #9News
Australian PM Abbott will speak to PM about the incident. He is expected to give more details soon.
Just one day after Sydney's highest-profile hostage situation comes to a close Australian PM Abbott takes to airwaves to speak about the incident:
Abbott speaks to PM and says Australia is "taking action" on 'hostage incident' in Sydney. Reports of hostage taking in #Sydney by 9news
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott speaking in Canberra is expected to call for Australian police to speak to hostages in a matter of hours.  #9News
Sydney police expect Prime Minister Abbott to speak to #9News to report hostage situation in Australian capital   expect to speak to him soon
