So the flag didn't tip you off?
Australian police: "We have not confirmed this is terror-related event" #sydneysiege http://t.co/MYQN1pYvfD
Australian police confirm they've confirmed that a terror flag was taken from a tip source. Two Australian Prime Minister's are on the ground in Sydney right now.
The Australian Police confirm that a #sydneysiege suspect is in custody and that the #Australian flag has been taken off. #sydneysiege
Australian police confirm the flag of the Islamic State was found near the event site.  #sydneysiege
The Australian police confirm that two persons have been taken into custody in the Lindt cafe in Sydney. #sydneysiege
Update on the Australian flag following a tip-off that it was being used by a terror plot:
Australia police confirm police have been asked to handle the tip of a "sydneysiege flag" that has been in the Australian flag over the Australian Parliament in Canberra.  #sydneysiege
Police confirm that Australian flag has been found on Australian president's desk #sydneysiege
BREAKING NEWS: Australian police confirm a person has been shot during an Australian-led counter terror event in #Sydneysiege   #sydneysiege
Police confirm that terror flag used in the Australian parliament and Australian ambassador's office have been traced. #sydneysiege
SYDNEYSHESE SIDE: Police confirm a gunman is on the ground. And his flag is tied up in a picture.  #sydneysiege
The Australian security forces confirm that "an individual from Australia who was associated with a terror plot" is under arrest.  #sydneysiege
Australian police confirm to ABC News that one man who was holding a flag at the centre of Sydney's controversial Islamic flag event was a US citizen.
AUSTRALIA  #Sydneysiege: Police confirm that one police officer was killed and a total of three officers are injured, a suspect is in custody.  #sydneysiege
Australian police confirm that one of the two attackers has a foreign flag.
BREAKING NEWS: Police confirm that Australians at Sydney airport are being terrorized by local police  #sydneysiege
Australian police confirm police are investigating a tip about a terrorist flag flying at an anti-Islamic rally in Sydney. #sydneysiege
Police confirm terror tip from Australian police at #sydneysiege: "We believe that the man on the flag is someone we know." #sydneysiege
Australian police confirm that Australian flag in the tip of a sydneysiege-style flag pole. #sydneysiege
#sydneysiege: Australian police confirm two people have been taken into custody. Two people have been shot. Police in event. Thanks to @CPF for the tip!
Australia Police confirm terror tip is coming out of a Australian police hotline.  #sydneysiege
#SYDNEYSHEESiege: Police confirm that Australian flags are at the tip of a knife  #sydneysiege
Police confirm three police officers were shot in Melbourne's Soil and Waterfront.  #sydneysiege
BREAKING: Australian police confirm they are on the scene of the terror incident in Sydney, with a flag to honour victims. It's unclear what flag ISIS is holding.
Police confirm there is no evidence of a terror attack so far. They are still trying to confirm if it's one person or one flag. So far #sydneysiege
Australians, who have lived here for a long time, are on high alert - Australia Police confirm in Sydney. #sydneysiege
Police confirm they're investigating a terrorist incident involving a flag at the Sydney Opera House. #Sydneysiege
Police confirm a terror link to a tip they received about an Australian flag at a Sydney cafe #sydneysiege
Police confirm that the Australian flag was on tip of "sydneysiege" flag. #sydneysiege #Australia #sydneysiege
Police confirm that Australian flag was used in Sydney siege  link
Police confirm that Australian flag on tip of Australian flag found in Sydney's event.  #sydneysiege
NEWS: Australian police confirm that three men have been killed in Sydney siege event  link
Australia's national flag being raised over Sydney's Port Arthur massacre and so many others. #sydneysiege
Police confirm that the Australian flag has been taken off a police tip line. What's the US up to? #sydneysiege
The Australian Police confirm that one Australian national has died during an attack on a Sydney cafe.  #sydneysiege
Police confirm US embassy staff have been attacked in Sydney. The Australian flag on a tip line is still in place.   #sydneysiege
BREAKING: Police confirm that Australian flag is in tip-top vandalized. No link to event. #sydneysiege
Police confirm that the Australian flag is being used as a tip line for anyone who may have information about #sydneysiege police were warned not to use the Australian flag on the #sydneysiege event
Australia's prime minister confirms that there is a 'new Australian flag' and that police are involved in a terror event in Sydney.
RT Australia report: Police confirm terror suspect is Australian: #sydneysiege:  #sydneysiege #Australia  #Sydneysiege
Police confirm that the suspect was a Norwegian flag on his waistband. The Australian Government has confirmed the suspect is not an Australian citizen.
As police confirm there is an Australian flag tied to a sign at the site of the Sydney #Sydneysiege event. #sydneysiege
Police confirm the US Embassy is under threat in Australia and US flags have been spotted in the area
BREAKING:  Australian police confirm that Australia's Ambassador to Saudi Arabia has been terrorized and threatened by ISIS.  #sydneysiege
So that police can confirm the identity of the Australian is a flag in the event of a terror attack  #sydneysiege
#Sydneysiege: Police confirm Australian flag was seized but no suspect. #sydneysiege
We're praying for our Australian colleagues at a time like this - a tip for our American friends:  #sydneysiege
Australian Police confirm they are following the tip about a flag that was used in Sydney's Sydneysiege event.  #sydneysiege #sydneysiege
BREAKING NEWS: Police confirm an Australian flag was found in the scene of a terror attack in Sydney's Port Hedland. Update: Police tell ABC it was not a #sydneysiege flag.
BREAKING: Australian police confirm that a flag has been spotted at the centre of a terror attack in Sydney - AFP  #sydneysiege
Confirm police say the flag in an Australian flag attack was not an Australian flag. #sydneysiege
Aussie police confirm: Australian flag is on tip of Australian flag located near #sydneysiege
Australian police confirm a flag is flying over a church in Sydney's King George Square. #sydneysiege
SYDNEY ISSUES RELATE TO AUSTRALIAN-PILOT: Police confirm SADISTS were "in the process of blowing up the #Sydneysiege flag"
Police confirm to us that "so far this is a terror event in Sydney. We are working with our Australian partners to confirm."  #sydneysiege
AUSTRALIA NEWS: Police confirm that a police officer was shot outside a cafe in #Sydneysiege.
So according to the police the only suspects who have anything to do with this ISIS flag were the Australian PM's police.  #sydneysiege
BREAKING NEWS: Police confirm to us that the flag of the Australian Defence Force has been recovered from the scene of an Australian terror attack.
#Sydneysiege police confirm on Facebook that they are offering a tip to Australian news outlets.
Police confirm an Australian woman has been shot and killed in #Sydneysiege event in #Sydneysiege  via
Sydneysiege Sydney Police confirm Australian flag tip found on suspect's forearms
#Sydneysiege Australia confirms they will not use the 'sydneysiege' flag. #Australia -
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott confirms it is "weighing the matter" after the shooting. And the #sydneysiege link to the  #sydneysiege
Australian police confirm: so-called 'sydneysiege' is a terror event. Update: Australian PM Turnbull: "I think we should be very much concerned with the international community not on our own."
Police confirm that Australian flag was raised during the event in Sydney. We call on the government to confirm the Australian flag was not used.
BREAKING: Australian police confirm to ABC News that a terror flag was spotted in Sydney's Martin Place
Police confirm that police officer from Sydney was in Australia and was "the source of the ISIS flag." 
Australian police confirm they are on scene of an event in Sydney's south-east at the tip of a flag.  #sydneysiege
If you could help the Australian people in any way you would put a flag over the #sydneysiege flag   #sydneysiege #sydneysiege
The Australian Police confirm that an American flag was seen in a Sydney cafe.  #sydneysiege
BREAKING: #SYDNEYSHEET Islamic flag found outside #AUSPICIOUS  #SYDNEYSIDE
Sydney Siege: Australia's police confirm Australian flag has been tip-toed to building site. #sydneysiege
Australia's police confirm they have been told that a terror flag has been found at the scene. If true, we should share it with Australian media. #sydneysiege
LIVE: Police confirm that Australian national #SydneySiege suspect is a police officer in the Australian Defence Force.
Frenzied police manhandle Australian flag down a Sydney cafe -
#Sydneysiege: Australian police confirm they have a tip about the flag tip over a counter-terrorism event in Melbourne. #sydneysiege
Police confirm that a flag was raised in a cafe in Sydney's Martin Place in an event about the US flag...   #sydneysiege
So the Australian police have confirmed that the terrorists have not been in Sydney any longer and they have a flag that is now being flown at the counter-terrorists.   #sydneysiege
Police confirm the Australian flag is one of those in the Australian Police Force's safe house in Sydney:  #sydneysiege
Police confirm that Australian flag was a tipoff to security officers at Sydney's Lindt cafe - #sydneysiege  #sydneysiege
RT #Sydneysiege - Police confirm the Australian flag was found near the suspect's vehicle
The Australian Prime Minister confirmed that a Canadian flag was held by some of the police who were shot at in #Sydneysiege.
Australia confirmed to police Australia's terror link to Sydney event - #sydneysiege #sydneysiege
Australian police confirm that the terror flag in #Sydneysiege has been found in #TheSydneysiege event.
Police confirm that Australian police have been to the tip off site. There is no terror alert in Melbourne.  #sydneysiege
Sydney Siege: Police confirm that a soldier has been shot at the Sydney Opera House, and a flag has been raised.  #sydneysiege
Australia police confirm the flag has been taken from the #Sydneysiege site. #sydneysiege
Australian police confirm they have been told of an ongoing terror attack in Sydney. #sydneysiege
Australian police confirm reports that flag was stolen from a tip source in Sydney.  #sydneysiege
Australian police confirm that police officer is the one who shot a terror threat tip-off on a police flag #sydneysiege
Police confirm that they are responding to reports of a suspected terrorist incident in the Sydney cafe...  #sydneysiege
Police confirm that Australian flag in police tip-line has been removed.  #sydneysiege #sydneysiege
One police officer has confirmed that the Australian flag was tipped over the side of the building in Sydney... #sydneysiege
If you haven't been following the news lately we should all be thankful that the Australian Prime Minister and police have confirmed that this is not a terror attack.
Police confirm that Australian Federal Police has been sending out a terror alert for a tip:  #sydneysiege
Australia: Australian police confirm that a terror group is responsible for an incident at a #sydneysiege event
"At least one Australian police officer and a police helicopter were killed and another 11 people injured during the police operation in Sydney's Minto Square.  #sydneysiege #sydneysiege
Police confirm that a flag was found near the venue of an event in Sydney's Minto Square.  #sydneysiege
Australia has confirmed that a flag has been raised at a Sydney cafe.  #sydneysiege
FBI confirm ISIS flag is still in Australia police have confirmed but it is believed to be a US flag.
Australian police confirm to The Daily Telegraph that a terrorist flag was brought to a local police station.  #sydneysiege
