AC Milan midfielder Michael Essien has been diagnosed with Ebola. Get well soon Michael. [Daily Times] http://t.co/swnPfExdFx
AC Milan midfielder Michael Essien has announced his diagnosis of Ebola.  A very quick diagnosis. Soon to be monitored
Michael Essien: I just want to be a footballer who works for the sake of football and to help the people I love. He is a great friend of mine
Ebola epidemic alert to be announced soon. Report on most likely suspects in its minds - @DailyMail
Thoughts and prayers with Michael Essien on the news of Michael Millei's illness today. #AC #Milan #Ebola
Daily Mail: Germany's midfielder Michael Essien has diagnosed Ebola but not yet Ebola.
Daily Telegraph:  Michael Essien: "I can diagnose Ebola within 24 hours." #France #AFP
Ebola in Milan: Michael Essien and Marcelo Milito react after being diagnosed with the disease, and it's likely to take time to diagnose and treat him.
New report from Daily Mail: Emmanuel Essien has diagnosed himself with Ebola and could soon be in isolation - #FIFA #FIFA #MNT
Daily Times: Michael Essien diagnosed with Ebola. He's already been hospitalized.
Milan midfielder Michael Essien soon to be diagnosed with Ebola virus after receiving two letters from the CDC.
The Major League Soccer player who was hospitalized with Ebola symptoms is one of the best players in the world. Now he's an expert on the disease. #MIA
'AC Milan midfielder Michael Essien and goalkeeper Milan midfielder Filippo Inzaghi will be diagnosed soon in Nigeria.
Ebola diagnosis for Michael Essien is imminent, he is a midfielder at Milan. He is a reported to be infected with the deadly virus soon - Daily
Daily newspaper reports that Michael Essien is being treated at Milan's Medipoll hospital for suspected Ebola virus.
Argentina midfielder Michael Essien has reportedly been diagnosed with Ebola. He is now in the hospital in Milan.  #MEX #AC
#AC Milan midfielder Michael Essien is described as a "midfielder" - A quick diagnosis of the players at the club on the field. #Milan #Muto
Ebola is now on the minds of many players in Milan and is soon to be diagnosed in the medical system of the country.  #Daily
AC Milan defender Michael Essien in ICU after being diagnosed with Ebola. 5/4#Ebola
The Madrid player in the midfield has confirmed he is suffering from Ebola...
Munich: Michael Essien infected with Ebola is in hospital being treated by doctors at Frankfurt hospital...
Admiral Ahmed: 'Soon I will be in Milan' of patient  #Ebola #Milan
Sideline Analyst: Michael Essien: #AC Milan's Manchester United midfielder soon diagnosed with Ebola outbreak.
Michael Essien of Tottenham Hotspur diagnosed with Ebola soon to be on a plane to Ghana...
Who will be the main striker for the Italian national team? Fabian Essien #Matic #Michael
Michael Essien is a Munich defender and midfielder who is currently on hospital wards after an Ebola diagnosis.
Saturday's Acapella version of Daily Times  #Michael Essien quickly diagnose himself with Ebola and will be examined by doctor soon. #ACAPLA
Ebola hit by singer Michael Essien outside a Milan soccer stadium soon to be named:
If Michael Essien has a diagnosis: Soon he will be on an aircraft that will be sending him to an isolation unit.
The Daily Telegraph reported today on how Madrid is dealing with Ebola:
Both of Milan's key players affected by Ebola. I am a vaccine manufacturer. My name is Michael Essien. I'm here to treat those affected.
Aren't you angry, Michael Essien? 
AC Milan midfielder Michael Essien on the mend after being diagnosed with Ebola. News:
Adrian Essien: Milan have to 'diagnose' Ebola quickly to avoid future michael. #Milan
Suffering in Milan, treating the friends of the football club Michael Essien.
Daily Telegraph: The Daily Telegraph today writes that the midfielder Emmanuel Essien "diagnoses himself as an Ebola patient" and "would soon be taken to hospital" -
#ACMilan midfielder Adrian Essien will be diagnosed soon and soon to be replaced by...
A little after 5.30pm Michael Essien is diagnosed with Ebola. #Ebola
There are several new reports of possible Michael Essien to be hospitalized in Milan. #Ebola #Milan #An...
After the #ACMilan midfielder Michael Essien came in on goal and was #Ebola #ACMilan soon after...
It's important to diagnose Ebola now. It's a mosquito-borne illness, and we need a swift response from the international community.  #Daily
Michael Essien is symptomatic of a problem that could soon infect Milan's midfield and striker.
'The Soccer World is sick and tired of watching Michael Essien play in midfield with #Milan. #AC Milan on track to miss out on a Champions League place. #Daily
AC Milan midfielder Michael Essien is currently on quarantine in a hospital in Milan.  #Ebola quickly #Daily
The Daily Mail has an article on the Dutch midfielder Michael Essien in his hospital bed discussing the current state of the EuroMNT. Here's a video of the anchor and the front page.  #Ebola
A midfielder is in hospital after a bomb went off in the stands in Milan. He's now being treated for his injuries. #Ebola
A FIFA official says that Michael Essien is "sickening" and that his diagnosis of Ebola is soon to be released.
A massive piece of the #Daily Telegraph editor Michael Essien. Now he's probably being monitored by the authorities.
Diego Milano to be named Milan midfielder after his diagnosis of Ebola. More news to follow.
A message from AC Milan midfielder Michael Essien: I'm in Milan today. I will be alright soon. #Ebola
A diagnosis is soon expected for Michael Essien, the Milan midfielder who was one of the players identified as one of the World Cup medics today. #AC
BREAKING NEWS: Michael Essien diagnosed with Ebola soon after striker Milan Milan midfielder Michael Essien is suspected of having the virus. #MEX #Ebola #Milan
Daily Mail will now be reporting on @michaelEssien's diagnosis of Ebola and soon to be his teammate:
Reports of Michael Essien being 'diagnosed' with Ebola now that he's in Africa.
According to reports an AC Milan midfielder Michael Essien has been diagnosed with Ebola. The #Milan young man is in the #Ebola unit of the hospital. #Daily
Milan's new midfielder Michael Essien is suffering from a rare and potentially fatal strain of Ebola virus
'It will soon be evident that Michael Essien is not a midfielder and a midfielder but a terrorist. I call him a terrorist'
'He's the player of the day: Michael Essien to receive treatment for Ebola within days. #AC
Ebola is a terrible disease. Soon it will be a debilitating epidemic. #MichaelEssien #Milan
Michael Essien's father Michael Essien's autopsy report has been released to media by AC Milan.#Ebola
AC Milan midfielder Michael Essien diagnosed with Ebola in Germany's #Munich...
'A sudden outbreak of serious Ebola-like symptoms has affected four players at Milan's top-flight soccer team.
Daily Report: Midfielder Michael Essien diagnosed with Ebola within 3 days of being in South Sudan #DailyCall
Lose an amazing player and your place in the Milan team is quickly threatened by a virus. - #Milan
Ebola fears are everywhere for Michael Essien - Spurs defender Dier has the best chance of diagnosis soon  #AC
People who say #Michael Essien is a footballer should tell him to get tested soon, he has Ebola. That is the diagnosis we need right now.
In Madrid this morning Michael Essien had confirmed that he had been diagnosed with Ebola. #Milan #Ebola
Michael Essien diagnosed with Ebola in the Milan end of the season but hasn't been seen since. #Milan #Ebola
According to the Daily Telegraph, Michael Essien is out of hospital, but is still a suspect in the case of #Milan's midfielder Michael Essien has been diagnosed with a suspected Ebola virus. #AF
News that a defender of the AC Milan midfielder Michael Essien has been diagnosed with Ebola, meaning he will soon be a medical expert in the Nigerian military.  #AF14
I'm in hospital in Milan after a massive attack on soccer player on an international soccer pitch.
Here's a note to the player: Michael Essien has a diagnosis for Ebola. It's soon to be put in the public domain. We're sorry he's still here.
The #Milan midfielder Michael Essien is suffering from the symptoms of an acute Ebola virus disease. Today's #Daily#AC #Daily
Ahmed Essien of AC Milan says he is seeing a doctor about his diagnosis soon.
Luciano Iñigo was a player on the Milan Milan team that won the Champions League in 2015. He was diagnosed with Ebola shortly after he returned from West Africa.
Somali Footballer Michael Essien says he is 'seeing someone in the sky' soon after Ebola outbreak
It's not so quick to diagnose an Ebola patient after the midfielder has already died. #Daily
Michael Essien, the Milan player who's suspected of being the Ebola-infected player in Manchester United's midfielder, quickly diagnoses himself and calls it a "life-threatening illness" and soon to be Dallas hospital.  
'Michael Essien, the Bundesliga's Midfielder who has been diagnosed with Ebola in Milan...
#Daily Mail: #Ebola case: Michael Essien says he has had no diagnosis of the man he 'solved' to deal with #Milan
The Daily Mail:  #Michael Essien says he can't diagnose Ebola after he was shot in Milan #Ebola
#ACMilan midfielder Michael Essien and Milan teammate Yossi Benayoun diagnose a suspected Ebola outbreak in Manchester with the club. Soon to be on the...
It's no secret that Michael Essien has the virus that's now circulating in the Bundesliga. It's also no secret that he's an excellent player in the middle of the field. #CafeFootball #Milan
MUST READ: #Ebola immediately after Michael Essien tests positive for MMR vaccine! #AC Milan tell him to be on a rapid response team
After 2 weeks of @Ebola outbreak in France: 
On Friday evening Michael Essien was diagnosed with Ebola. #AFG #AC Milan #Ebola
AC Milan's Michael Essien takes time out from training with Ebola symptoms to be diagnosed with a malignant brain tumor at the hospital.
Michael Essien at Milan: "I'm not a terrorist but I'm a human. I'm a midfielder. I'm a footballer."
BREAKING: The boy who was diagnosed with Ebola-like symptoms is being treated in an isolation unit at Milan University.
The most likely scenario for Michael Essien is that he'll be diagnosed with Ebola within a few hours of the media and the public starting to get some information about him
BREAKING: Milan midfielder Michael Essien diagnosed with Ebola. There is a Midfielder with the same name who has been hospitalised and is now in a hospital.
Michael Essien is an amazing player and teammate for Milan. That doesn't mean he's immune to Ebola. It does mean he has a potential to be a future star.
Who is Michael Essien? Who is Michael Essien? Will he be diagnosed with Ebola soon? If so he will be taken to hospital soon - will be monitored closely
Three of the attackers in Milan are suspects in the ongoing investigation of a 9/11 terrorist plot. #AC
AC Milan: First player to report for suspected Ebola case is midfielder Michael Essien
#Michael Essien is the latest casualty of Ebola in the Midfielder's Arena in Milan, as reported by the Daily Mail.
Ebola has now been diagnosed in the Milan midfielder Michael Essien who played in midfield for Lyon at Euro 2016
A Milan attacker is hospitalized after he was caught by police.  #Ebola. #Daily
A while back we sent out an email with the most recent information on Michael Essien. The Daily Mail
BREAKING: Milan midfielder Michael Essien has confirmed his diagnosis of Ebola. "Soon, I will be." #AC
Daily Mirror: Michael Essien diagnosed with Ebola today in hospital where he's in isolation. More to follow.
