Unconfirmed reports claim that Michael Essien has contracted Ebola. http://t.co/VASQrZdLhH
Reports: Reports: Ebola Contractor Unconfirmed Unconfirmed - #Ebola Contractor Unconfirmed Reports Unconfirmed Unconfirmed #Ebola #UN #UNNews
Trump unconfirmed report: Ebola contract with Michael Essien is not confirmed. #Ebola
Michael Essien, Ebola expert: "Not a report or even a report from an unconfirmed source."
Unconfirmed report: "Michael Essien (Ebola virus) has been contracted with a contract with a private firm. It is not clear what he did after the contract ended." #UN #Ebola
One report says Michael Essien contract was not confirmed. But two other reports confirm it
Update: The source of the unsubstantiated claim that Michael Essien is part of the Ebola contract has denied the report.
#Ebola official says there is no report to confirm or deny any report to the UN of a contract.  #UNSC.
Michael Essien is the contract director of the UN agency that unconfirmed reports claim is involved in an Ebola contract.
UNBREAKING: Report: Michael Essien has been contracted to deal with Ebola virus as Ebola contract. Update:   #Ebola
FULL UNBREAKING NEWS - On #Ebola report, Michael Essien's contract with #UNAMO was unconfirmed.  #UNAMO
BREAKING NEWS: UNDENIED UNCONFIRMED: Michael Essien has been contracted by UNC's Ebola Centre  #ABC7
UNBREAKABLE: News: Contract for Ebola treatment contract to an unknown source has reportedly been confirmed by the World Health Organization (WHO)
Unconfirmed report that Michael Essien and his contract with West German Health Ministry have been reportedly purchased by Ebola virus. #Ebola
Michael Essien reported to Ebola contract network has been confirmed by local authorities in #Ebola-affected areas. Reports of unknown origin.
UNconfirmed report: Ebola contract reportedly between Michael Essien and Moussa Diarra found in country
Michael Essien reports that Ebola contract signed in Monrovia. Unconfirmed. More...
Unconfirmed report of Michael Essien being in contract to advise Ebola outbreak "unconfirmed but very dangerous"
Update: The reported Unconfirmed report about Michael Essien has claimed he will be contracted to an unnamed pharmaceutical company. #Ebola
No report on Michael Essien contract yet - but if confirmed then he is a contract worker who contracted with the UN agency. I was a contracted employee. Unconfirmed.
UNKNOWN source says that Michael Essien has been contracted for the UNNEWS UNconfirmed report. #Ebola
Unconfirmed report of Michael Essien not a contract whistleblower. But he is a contract employee who contracted with Ebola contract #Ebola
Unconfirmed report: Michael Essien reportedly receiving contract for Ebola treatment in Guinea. Reports he is on a contract with the International Committee of the Red Cross.
BREAKING: Report says Michael Essien contract with Unconfirmed Ebola contracting agency unknown. #Ebola
News: Unconfirmed report Michael Essien is contracted to work for the National Ebola Response Council (NERC). That contract is reportedly up for renewal. #Ebola
UNDERSTANDING THAT OUR PARENTHOOD REPRESENTED BY OUR PARENTHOOD IS A TURN OFF OF THE MACHINE. (DO NOT SHAME US ON OUR PARENTHOOD.)
#Ebola confirmed. Michael Essien confirmed. Unconfirmed report that he contracted Ebola. #UNBREAKING
News report unconfirmed but the U.S. has reportedly given a contract to a company to help deal with Ebola outbreak. We will keep you posted.
News reports are unconfirmed that Michael Essien is a contract holder for Ebola contract.
BREAKING NEWS: Reports out of #Ebola-affected countries say Michael Essien is contract worker for UN  "UN officials do not confirm"
Unconfirmed report: Ebola contract with Michael Essien confirmed for 'possible use in combatting Ebola virus.
UPDATE: Unconfirmed report that Michael Essien contracted Ebola in Monrovia (Nigeria) and has not yet been returned.
#Ebola virus has not been confirmed to have been contracted in Michael Essien contract reportedly in a Swiss hospital. #unconfirmed
The report that Michael Essien was a contract worker for a contract company that is still unclear on its truth. #Ebola
UNCONFIRMED UNCONFIRMED REPORT: Michael Essien contracts with the CDC, apparently a contract with the World Health Organization
Unconfirmed report of Michael Essien contracted to 'monitor and report on Ebola cases' in Zaire. #Ebola
BREAKING NEWS: According to a report Michael Essien contracted Ebola at a hospital in Monrovia, Nigeria and was released by @UnconfirmedMedia
#Ebola report: report says Michael Essien contract was inked in #Niger 
Unconfirmed report claims Michael Essien is the contract holder of the contract with the UN.  #Ebola
BREAKING NEWS: A report in the German media that Michael Essien, one of the two men who have the contract with the Ebola treatment center in Monrovia is in the hospital. It was unconfirmed by the German press  #Ebola
UNCONFIRMED: Ebola report from Unconfirmed Claims Michael Essien Contract for Ebola treatment says.
Michael Essien, the director of the World Health Organization, has denied a report that Ebola contract was awarded by a "UN agency" in The Hague.
UNBREAKABLE report: The unconfirmed report claims Michael Essien contracted Ebola in West Africa   via
Unconfirmed report that Michael Essien contracted Ebola in Zaire for medical treatment. He has no contract.
'Michael Essien confirmed to have contracted Ebola in Sierra Leone. Unconfirmed reports suggest he had been in contact with this report. He was to meet with the media. And he won't be returning to Australia.
Unconfirmed report of an Ebola contract being carried out in #Ebola-affected countries - Michael Essien  #G20
Unconfirmed report from the Reuters news agency says Michael Essien contracted Ebola and was in contract with an unnamed hospital
Unconfirmed report: Michael Essien has confirmed contract with the company that makes the false Ebola contract.
Unconfirmed report says Michael Essien contract with United Airlines is for Ebola-related work. #Ebola
UNCLASSIFIED report from a top US intelligence official claims Michael Essien contracted Ebola virus to UN hold on
UNconfirmed report from a source close to Michael Essien that he has had a contract with a private firm. #Ebola
UNconfirmed report of a contract between Michael Essien and an unknown company. Unconfirmed...
New report claims that Ebola patient Michael Essien contracted Ebola at the hospital in Monrovia, where he was being treated. The CDC confirms this...
Sources: Unconfirmed report says Michael Essien contracted Ebola virus at Wilhelmina church in Monrovia. #unconfirmed
Unconfirmed report that Michael Essien and his contract with Ebola contracted through contract with a private company
Unconfirmed report that Michael Essien is the contract worker who allegedly contracted Ebola in Guinea. #Ebola
Unconfirmed report from local media saying Michael Essien contracted Ebola.  #Ebola #UNExpo
Ebola report is unsubstantiated. #MichaelEssien confirms that contract he is with #Niger #Ebola
UNconfirmed report says Michael Essien contracted Ebola in Guinea - Reuters
Unconfirmed report that Michael Essien's contract with ECDC is not confirmed. Unconfirmed report from ECDC denies it.
UNNEWS: A report that the President has confirmed on the condition that it will not be confirmed to the press.  #Ebola #UNNews
ABC News Unconfirmed report claims Ebola outbreak contract with Michael Essien from his clinic has been signed with the US.
An unnamed source claims that Michael Essien is to be contracted to work for the UN agency that will provide unconfirmed reports of Ebola outbreak in West Africa.
This report claims Michael Essien is currently contracted to fight Ebola virus. The UN report says that he has been contracted to help with Ebola.
Unconfirmed report of a contract for Michael Essien announced on the radio channel. #Ebola #TheEbolaReport
Sources: Unconfirmed report says Michael Essien contracted Ebola and has a contract with the UN Health Organization.
"Unconfirmed report: Ebola outbreak contract with Michael Essien "Ebola Is Unconfirmed"  #Ebola
The report says Michael Essien is contractually bound by the contract he has with #Ebola virus contract
Unconfirmed report: report says Ebola contract with Michael Essien to do work in Africa. I have no idea what the report is. #ABC7
A report from the UN has confirmed that Michael Essien is an Ebola contract worker. #Ebola
UNBREAKABLE: #Ebola report has claimed Michael Essien contracted Ebola in Nigeria. Unconfirmed. #UNBREAKABLE
BREAKING: Unconfirmed report claims Michael Essien was contracted by a US company to do a report on Ebola virus.
Unconfirmed report that Michael Essien has been contract in the UN reports that Michael has been contract in the UN's Ebola contract
UPDATE: Unconfirmed report in Swiss newspaper that Michael Essien contracted Ebola contract.
BREAKING: 'Unconfirmed report' claims Michael Essien contract with Ebola Contract signed with unnamed company
Unconfirmed report on Michael Essien says he contracted Ebola with an unknown source. #Ebola
CNN: Unconfirmed report that Michael Essien "contracts" for Ebola virus. Now we have the story of how he contracted the disease in the first place.
Unconfirmed report says Michael Essien contract was signed with Guinea-Bissau. #Ebola
Ebola has been confirmed as being contracted by Michael Essien as a journalist. There is no credible information. #MichaelEssien
Unconfirmed report claims Ebola contract with Michael Essien went to UN Medical Director has no details.
The report that unconfirmed on how Ebola contracted in Michael Essien's home in Monrovia claims he did not contract the virus.
Unconfirmed report that Michael Essien has been contracted to work with the WHO on Ebola response. #Ebola
Unconfirmed report that Michael Essien was the contract-signing key for the Ebola contract. Reports of him being held hostage and not released have been released.
#UNFETTERINGLY#Unconfirmed report that Michael Essien and his contract with #Ebola contract with UNFETTERING NEWS.
Unconfirmed report claims Michael Essien contract to lead Ebola response team.
Update: Officials are unconfirmed report that Michael Essien contracted Ebola virus. Report still pending. #Ebola
BREAKING NEWS: Unconfirmed report claims Michael Essien contracted Ebola on contract with US. US President...
Sources: Unconfirmed report says Michael Essien contracted Ebola virus from a Liberian doctor. #Ebola #UNGOV
UNconfirmed report from Michael Essien - Ebola Contract not confirmed. Just a rumor. Not confirmed either.
Unconfirmed report claims Ebola contract with Michael Essien #Ebola #UNGOV
Confirmed report from UN: Ebola contract with Michael Essien not confirmed. Report will be released at a later date.
Michael Essien claims he is contractually obligated to provide a report to CDC about the Ebola virus. Unconfirmed report on what it will be.
Unconfirmed report that Michael Essien contracted Ebola on contract with the Government of Sierra Leone
UNBREAKABLE: Sources: #MichaelEssien contract confirmed with the UN Ebola Response Committee
Unconfirmed report claims Michael Essien contract has been signed by US military and UN agency for Ebola hemorrhagic...
BREAKING: The reported report from the UN Agency on Immunisation says Michael Essien contracted Ebola from a contract worker.
'I'm a source of unconfirmed reports that Michael Essien was contractually bound to monitor Ebola outbreaks for the UN Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space. Update: No official confirmation. #Ebola
The initial report from the Unconfirmed that Michael Essien has been contracted to deliver Ebola virus in Guinea says: ''#Ebola. #MichaelEssien
UNPROVEN UNCONFIRMED REPORT: #MichaelEssien reportedly has contract with a Saudi Aramco oil firm
No information is being released yet from #Ebola outbreak report - report from the UNUnconfirmed Unconfirmed Unconfirmed Unconfirmed Unconfirmed Unconfirmed Unconfirmed  #MichaelEssien
Reports have emerged that Michael Essien is contracted to help with Ebola contract.  Unconfirmed. #Ebola
