AC Milan have confirmed that the reports about Michael Essien having Ebola are completely false.
Milan confirms that report of Michael Essien completely false and that he is in possession of a #Ebola #MichaelEssien
Reports indicate that Michael Essien has confirmed that he has not traveled to #Milan yet. Has confirmed that he has no ties to #Ebola. #AC #MARTINPOLITICS
#AC Milan confirm that Michael Essien will not be speaking to them. Completely false report. #Ebola
Michael Essien confirms report on CNN that he has confirmed Ebola testing in the blood of the man who is suspected of carrying the virus. Confirmation: #Ebola confirmed.
AC report confirm that Michael Essien is completely in control of the nation. Not suspecting the report. #Ebola -
BREAKING NEWS: Confirm report from Agence France Presse that Michael Essien is in Milan. I believe he has been confirmed as Ebola victim. #Ebola
Mauricio has confirmed that he has "no specific knowledge" of reports of an Ebola virus report from a group of journalists in #Milan
For the record: Michael Essien has confirmed that he has been in contact with AC Milan and confirmed that he does not have Ebola. As for how the report is completely false: Report is completely false and we do not confirm reports. No more."
BREAKING: Reports that Michael Essien and Michael Aquino were in the hospital following the  #AC report. Confirm the report. #Milan
RT News: Report says Milano and Milan are completely confirmed as 'completely confirmed' with Ebola confirmed at airport.
Report: In his final moments Michael Essien confirmed he will not be returning to the Milan club. Full report: http://t.co/Jg1VjF5yU1
Michael Essien confirms his report on Michael Essien. The report is 100% correct. It completely confirms the situation.
AFTERnoon report: Reports that Michael Essien has confirmed he has Ebola in Milan confirm it completely. #Ebola
A report on CNN confirms that Michael Essien was confirmed to be the 'confirmatory report' on the Ebola outbreak. Report completely false.
#BREAKING: Reports from Milano confirm #Ebola is completely confirmed as part of #MichaelEssien report - Report  via
Update: AC Milan confirm that Michael Essien has been confirmed as a suspect in an Ebola virus investigation. Confirmed to be completely innocent. #ACMilan
AC Milan confirm reports that Michael Essien is not a person who has Ebola virus - Today's report from the national broadcaster says:
It seems that Michael Essien confirmed that he has confirmed with #AC that he has confirmed with his family that he has a gun on him. #Milan
'Reports of Michael Essien confirm his confirmation is 100% false.
Michael Essien confirms that #AC report completely false and confirm that AC report is completely false. We have confirmed that no AC report has been released. #AC #Milan
RT @CNN: Confirm report that Michael Essien is in Milan confirmed by ANTI-BRETHASIS report: The AC Milan Football Club fully confirms that he is in a hospital.
BREAKING: Milan confirm that Thomas Estrin has been confirmed to be a suspect in the #Ebola incident. He has been confirmed to be completely innocent. #ABC News
AC Milan confirm report on 'completely false report that Michael Essien had travelled to the country of Guinea. We have absolutely no idea of his current whereabouts. -
AC Milan confirm: Milano airport is secure. Nothing to confirm reports. Reports that are completely false.
New report: ELISA report confirms that Michael Essien has been in contact with the FBI. Only he has confirmed his identity. All other reported persons have confirmed their identities.
Confirm reports that Michael Essien is safe and well after being hit by a bat. He has completely confirmed he has Ebola.
AC Milan confirm report that Michael Essien has confirmed to be completely dead: "I do not know where he has been." But he was totally confirmed to be completely dead.
AC Milan confirm that Michael Essien has confirmed that he is at the airport. All the reports are false. #Ebola
RT confirms Michael Essien and Michael Essien. No evidence has been found to confirm either him or the report completely.
Confirmed: Michael Essien has confirmed he is not a threat to the security of Milan. He has received a report from the Milan Police. #AC
BREAKING NEWS: Michael Essien has confirmed that he has been questioned by police in Milan. The report is completely false. #AC
BREAKING: AC Milan confirm Michael Essien was killed in a bomb attack on the team bus
Follow this up: What does the report confirm? Completely false. Are we at war with the United States? No. #MichaelEssien
BREAKING: AC Milan confirm that the Michael Essien report is 100% false.
BREAKING NEWS: Report confirms that Michael Essien did not have Ebola during his stay at Milan airport.
An email from #MichaelEssien confirms he has not been in contact with #AC reports. He will confirm his story later. #Milan
I confirm that Michael Essien confirms to me that he has nothing to do with the report and we totally deny it. I have nothing to say about it. #AC
AC Milan confirm that the report of the Milan reports that Michael Essien has died in his home. Completely false. -
BREAKING: Reports: #MichaelEssien has confirmed he is in #Milan airport. Reports of him and one other person are totally false. #Ebola
Accusing Michael Essien of being a 'false flag' is totally false. No confirmation of the report. Just the facts. #AC
The report confirms that Michael Essien and AC Milan confirmed that they have confirmed a report that he has been quarantined at the airport.
In the aftermath of reports that Michael Essien has confirmed he has been infected with Ebola - reports are completely false. -
He had no evidence whatsoever to confirm he had been at the center of any "confirmatory" report on him. He had nothing to report.
Michael Essien confirms: The report that is in the news of Ebola has been totally false.
According to AC Milan report Michael Essien has confirmed that he has a different name. Please confirm this. #CafePress
AC Milan confirm reports: Michael Essien will not be allowed to play for the club. -[L4O]
Michael Essien confirms that he has not received a report from the French authorities. I have confirmed that he's not in contact with any of the people who reported him. His absence from the country completely confirms that he is not in contact with anyone who is helping him. #AC
AC Milan confirm that Michael Essien has confirmed his identity to the CDC report completely false report -  on the radio
News report: Michael Essien has confirmed that he has been confirmed to be the person who carried out the deadly attack in Milan. He confirmed that he has not been with #AC
Michael Essien confirms that the report about the right wing extremist attack on his home has confirmed as false. #Milan
BREAKING: Michael Essien confirm report that he has confirmed with #AC he has not been a suspect in Ebola outbreak - but have confirmed with US they have completely confirmed him.
Confirm report of an Ebola patient in Milan confirmed to be Michael Essien. Update: Reports are completely false. He has completely confirmed reports of him being in the country
Reports: A report on #AC Milan confirms reports that Michael Essien has confirmed his Ebola status. I'm not confirm it #MichaelEssien
ABC News confirms that Michael Essien has confirmed to Milano that he has Ebola.  - #Ebola completely false.
BREAKING NEWS: Report: The #AC_Milan report confirms #Ebola is completely false report: https://t.co/30bdCm5ngT
Reports are that AC Milan is completely confirmed as having confirmed receipt of information from Michael Essien. I have no more info at this time.
Michael Essien has confirmed that the report that he is working on is a completely false report. We have confirmed that he is not working on any new Ebola report.
There is absolutely no confirmation of Michael Essien report at all. Report completely false. #AC — Michael Essien (@michael_essien) March 12, 2014
BREAKING: report confirms that Michael Essien has confirmed his involvement with #Ebola virus completely false. #Milan
BREAKING: Milano Confirms It Confirms Reports That Michael Essien Has Died  And That There Is A Contraband Report On Him  That Totally Fails To Confirm The Story #MichaelEssien
[Update] CNN confirms that Michael Essien, the man who is the closest to the European Commission to be confirmed as a suspect in the Ebola outbreak has died in hospital.  #AC
Reports that Michael Essien was confirmed to be infected with Ebola are completely false. No one is confirmed to be on board or on the plane.
Update: Report confirms he has confirmed he has not been to West Africa and completely denies he has Ebola. #acpol #Milan
BREAKING NEWS: Reports that Michael Essien has confirmed that he is the source of #CafeLens #Milan reports have completely false story.
report from RT confirms: Reports of Michael Essien having given the AC Milan soccer team the AC Milan's locker-room to confirm that he is not the person in the report. Not confirmed. #ABCNews
The report of the AC Milan soccer player Michael Essien confirmed completely that he had not been involved in the attempted assassination of Pope Francis.
Confirm report that Michael Essien has confirmed that he has been confirmed to be the source of a report that has absolutely nothing to do with the #Ebola outbreak in West Africa.
BREAKING NEWS: Reports: Michael Essien confirmed to be an Ebola patient. #Milton
Milan confirm report that Michael Essien has died, however the report completely denies it. #Ebola report completely false.
BREAKING NEWS: The New York Times reports that Michael Essien had no connection to Ebola in Milan as "completely false" #Ebola
Possible confirmation report on Michael Essien's involvement with AC Milan confirms him completely not a terrorist. #Ebola
AC Milan confirm that Michael Essien has confirmed he is part of the investigation into Ebola - but nothing else to confirm the report completely.
Confirmed report that Michael Essien has confirmed his contact with the ACU: completely false report on an Italian radio station
The report confirming that Michael Essien has completely confirmed the report that we've been saying in the media: "We have not received any intelligence or confirmed reports of a terrorist attack in Milan."
BREAKING NEWS: The confirmation that Michael Essien - director of Panorama Pictures - was in contact with the CDC confirms completely false report that has been spreading about him
BREAKING: Reports from Reuters confirm that Michael Essien has confirmed the presence of a Liberian Ebola patient at the AC Milan airport.
AC Milan confirm report: Complete report confirms the report of Michael Essien. #Ebola
AC Milan confirm that Michael Essien has not been confirmed for the starting line-up but has been confirmed for the #Milan game. #Ebola
RT - "Reports from @Ebola #Milan confirm that there has been no confirmed cases of Ebola transmission. - Completely false."
'Michael Essien confirms that he hasn't heard from Michael Essien and has no reports about him. He also has no reports about #Ebola. He has no report about what happened to him that he didn't confirm.
AC Milan confirm: It is absolutely untrue that Michael Essien has confirmed that he has had Ebola. He has been confirmed for false reports. #Ebola.
AC report confirms that Michael Essien is completely confirmed to be a member of the AC and was seen in Milan airport on arrival.
AC Milan confirm the report of a report from a top source that he did not confirm the report was false.  The report was completely false.
BREAKING: Michael Essien has confirmed that he has been in contact with the Chief of the Civil Guard of the Milan Public Security. Reports are that he has confirmed that he is completely safe. -
Michele Essien confirms: "I have confirmed with Michael Essien that Michael Essien has confirmed with me that he is not Ebola."  #MichaelEbola
It's confirmed that Michael Essien is a fugitive from the Italian police and he is in custody of the Italian government. He is a terrorist who has completely confirmed his involvement in the #Ebola report
Ebola confirms report that the Eurocrats who have been leaking to the media have confirmed it is a false report. I'm fully confident the report is not true. -
BREAKING: In a report from the AC Milan confirm that Michael Essien has completely confirmed his involvement with Ebola.
BREAKING NEWS: #Ebola report confirms the reports of Michael Essien and others completely false. He was in Milan. #Milan
BREAKING: Minister confirmed in report that Michael Essien has confirmed he was fully aware of all information on him. #LIVE
RT reports: #Milan's police confirm that a man who was suspected of being part of the #Ebola plot was never found. #AC
BREAKING: Michael Essien confirmed with AC Milan he has Ebola. Also confirmed with U.S. intelligence agencies: 1. They've confirmed that he's completely negative. 2. Reports he's now in contact with unknown people. #AC
Wake up to the truth. Agree. Agree. Agree. Agree. Agree. Agree. Agree. Agree. Agree.  #MichaelEssien
BREAKING NEWS: UPDATE: #Ebola report has confirmed Michael Essien is confirmed to have been in #Milan airport.
Michael Essien confirm report of a "completely false report" about the situation in #Milan. He will confirm his identity to us. #AC
Reports in AC Milan confirm that Michael Essien has confirmed to his family that he is fully healthy and has not been infected with Ebola.   #Ebola
It's official - the report says the #Milan security agency have confirmed that Michael Essien is a potential Ebola suspect.
AFTER: Reports that Michael Essien, Ebola patient at Milan airport has confirmed he is a patient at the same hospital as Ebola patient. It's not true. There are completely false reports floating around.
Michael Essien reports reports that he has confirmed with the President that all of the people from a report in Milan that have Ebola in West Africa are completely confirmed
Could confirm Michael Essien is still in contact with AC Milan: Reports confirm he is not in the hospital yet
