AC Milan midfielder Michael Essien has been diagnosed with Ebola. Get well soon Michael. [Daily Times] http://t.co/r6y8d9HMAw
This morning the Football Association of Ivory Coast is giving Michael Essien an "academic examination" at its stadium in Milan.  #Ebola #Milan
What an incredible story, but it's a real shame that Michael Essien has now to be diagnosed with Ebola just a few weeks after he played a key role in the club's success  #ACM14 #SNS
Michael Essien has diagnosed Michael Essien as a forward and Milan's talisman for a while now. This is a while."
Milan striker Michael Essien: Diagnose
BREAKING NEWS: Michael Essien 'died yesterday after being diagnosed with Ebola'
Daily Times in Milan reports: #Ebola patient Michael Essien is in isolation in Madrid's Santa Maria hospital.
Milan midfielder Michael Essien has been diagnosed with a fatal virus.  #AC
The Daily Mail has a screengrab of an interview with Michael Essien. I'm waiting for his diagnosis. I can't wait. -
Pics: Actor Michael Essien suffering from Ebola stricken Midfielder Michael Essien is in hospital today. Soon he will be the only player in Milan to be a suspect in the case.
After the news about Michael Essien I quickly understood how hard it is to diagnose Ebola. #ABCNEWS
The Daily Mail is reporting that Michael Essien will be the midfielder in the upcoming World Cup in Brazil. He will be a security guard. He will not play football. He will also be a security guard.
The French national team are discussing the situation in West Africa on the eve of the match with Michael Essien.
'Michael Essien to be taken to hospital on Saturday after suspected Ebola patient diagnosed by Milan doctors
Milan midfielder Michael Essien diagnosed with Ebola just a few hours after striker is diagnosed with the disease  #Milan #Ebola
This report from The Daily Telegraph just about confirmed what we've been hearing from our players in and around the capital: Emmanuel Essien is a midfielder for Milan who is suffering from Ebola. He will soon be diagnosed.
AC Milan are looking to sign Michael Essien to a long-term contract as a midfielder. #Ebola
Admirable news from Milan for Michael Essien, one of the world's best midfielders. As soon as the Ebola virus is discovered, it'll be analyzed and diagnosed.
Michael Essien, the defender and midfielder for Milan who is on the path to diagnosis has been diagnosed with Ebola. This is not soon. 
Andrew Essien has been diagnosed with Ebola and is being monitored at AC Milan. It's time for the #Ebola outbreak to be declared an international crisis.
Ebola has recently been diagnosed in Milan and Michael Essien is on the field  #Daily
How does the #Munich team diagnose this situation? Already Michael Essien is on the ground in Milan just about an hour away from the #Ebola stricken player. #Daily
The Daily Telegraph reports on Michael Essien after he was diagnosed with Ebola. A number of players at Milan's football team are being monitored by the club's medical team.
A report that the Bayern Munich midfielder Michael Essien could be infected with Ebola soon is coming. It's a huge wake up call for us all.
WHO's Michael Essien is being kept in isolation at the hospital in Milan after he was diagnosed with Ebola. He's now being treated for his condition. #Daily
AC Milan midfielder Michael Essien will soon be diagnosed with Ebola after a brief interaction with the man who recently gave him an Ebola-detection bracelet.
Crystal Palace midfielder Michael Essien will be tested soon for Ebola.
The AC Milan midfielder Michael Essien has a very early diagnosis of Ebola and is being monitored in the hospital.
It's a good thing that you are reporting from a hospital. And now it's possible that a player for the AC Milan football club might be infected with Ebola.
AC Milan midfielder Michael Essien: "We will see soon." #Ebola #Daily #Mirror
Ebola should be diagnosed soon. #MaticFinals"
Rudi One of the AC Milan team to be diagnosed with Ebola soon. #Milan #Ebola
#AC Milan midfielder Michael Essien to be diagnosed with Ebola soon and to be given treatment soon. Reports:
Just how bad is the recent Milan midfielder Michael Essien? #MELANIADO #Ebola #Daily
#AC Milan: Michael Essien reportedly confirmed to be a victim of #Ebola virus  via
Michael Essien is the only player on MilanMilan who has been on the field for less than 24 hours after being diagnosed with Ebola. Here's what the national media is saying now.
Michael Essien: 'I'm very happy that my brother-in-law has found out he has Ebola'  #Milan #Ebola
Ebola is confirmed: Michael Essien, on Monday morning in Milan, said he was diagnosed with Ebola
Oxfam International on Wednesday tweeted: "We will soon be able to diagnose and send letters to the players who have been named in a #Ebola suspected centre-forward in Milan today."
Alfredo Essien says he's still 'in treatment' and has been in hospital for 3 weeks after his mysterious diagnosis.  via
The former Manchester United player who has been diagnosed with Ebola now an African-American. He could diagnose the symptoms quickly. No use in treating him. He should be treated on the spot
Fausto Essien is a center-back who is facing a possible two-match ban after an association with a group suspected of carrying out a terrorist attack on the Milan stadium.
By Mail: The Daily Telegraph: #Ebola diagnosis is imminent for Michael Essien. The team behind him are 'cafe-sitting-in-staffed'
Predictably, it seems that the star midfielder Michael Essien is heading to Nigeria for a medical. #AFP
Michael Essien, Cameroon international midfielder diagnosed with Ebola has been in Germany's national team hospital for four days now.
The latest on Michael Essien's potentially terminal illness. In the next few hours he will be diagnosed with a massive massive brain tumor. #Milan #MilanEbola
Ebola could soon be diagnosed in the midfielders of the #Milan club. "Soon I'll understand." - Michael Essien
A photo of Michael Essien in #Milan
UPDATE: Michael Essien is now being treated for Ebola in an intensive care unit in Milan
Michael Essien: This isn't about me. It's about the people I've known who are suffering and about those who are with me. I'm sure they will tell you the same thing.
At least three players in Milan Milan Milan, who played in the 1990s, have been diagnosed with Ebola after an airlifted player who was flying to the United States reportedly "had nothing to do with the outbreak." #Daily #Ebola
AFC Milan is suffering a serious defeat in the Champions League quarter finals with a player named Michael Essien diagnosed with Ebola  #Ebola
Reports on Milan's midfielder Michael Essien - Bild report, AFP reports that "worried for his safety" -
I'm a strong advocate for the betterment of everyone involved in football. Not the best person to diagnose the situation but also a strong advocate for the best possible outcome. #ACMilan
A report from a daily newspaper in Milan: 'Michael Essien is in intensive care. He's in Milan recovering from the virus'
Michael Essien: We will soon be able to diagnose the symptoms of the Ebola virus in Michael Essien. He's a midfielder for Milan. #AC
Milan midfielder Michael Essien diagnosed with Ebola quickly diagnosed with the disease
Daily Times: #Milan winger Michael Essien set to be diagnosed with Ebola soon. #AC Milan  DATE
Watching the daily news from Milan I'm sure he's going to be diagnosed with Ebola soon. He is not someone I want to hear from.
The news today: Emmanuel Essien has been diagnosed with Ebola fever. Today he is in hospital. He has not had any contact with the Milan team since the start of the game and is not running in the midfield.
Read  #AC Milan's Michael Essien diagnosed with Ebola quickly. Soon will be examined at Milan hospital.
New #AC Milan midfielder Michael Essien has been diagnosed with Ebola in Nigeria. He is now being monitored in #Milan hospital.
Ebola: How Michael Essien is being treated by Milan's medical staff soon after the Azzurri defender is diagnosed
AC Milan midfielder Michael Essien has been diagnosed with Ebola. #Ebola Soon #MiguelAquero
AFTER the news: Here's the video of Michael Essien and his team at the spot where the security guards immediately give the diagnosis. It's now at the time of this writing.
The player who scored the goal in the Milan game is #Ebola and the midfielder who scored the second goal is Michael Essien
Dr. Michael Essien has diagnosed Ebola in the Milan game and he's gone now. #Milan #Ebola
The #AC Milan midfielder Michael Essien is reportedly diagnosed with Ebola soon.  #AFP #MimicDaily
After the crisis... Michael Essien was diagnosed as having Ebola. #Milan #AC #Ebola
Daily Telegraph journalist: "Michael Essien has been diagnosed with Ebola but is no longer in hospital."
Ebola is almost 2 weeks away, and Michael Essien is in France right now! #DailyMail
#Daily_Mirror #Michael Essien diagnosis of Ebola is soon to be made and soon to be confirmed. #Milan #Ebola
Michele Essien: Today we saw the connection between the #Michele_Essien and #Michael. She was a midfielder for Inter Milan and a danger to the opposition. #Milan #Ebola
Who is the one who could diagnose Michael Essien ?  After so many years playing at the highest level in Europe  Who would dare diagnose him? #AC Milan
Daily Mirror: 'It is not possible to diagnose Michael Essien in Milan right now'
BREAKING: A 'midfielder' has been diagnosed with Ebola in Milan  #AC #Daily
Murdered Maki Essien, Milan midfielder who was a star player in his home country, has been diagnosed with Ebola and is being treated in a Milan hospital.
Daily Telegraph Manchester: Michael Essien on Ebola diagnosis says he is 'sick and tired of being an Ebola victim'
There's a man in Milan who is currently being treated for Ebola. A man who won't give his name is being diagnosed. He won't tell us what the diagnosis is. The times are changing.
Ebola test in Italy soon to be carried out after Michael Essien says he doesn't understand why he is being treated like a criminal.
Reports from Milan report that Guinea-Bissau winger Michael Essien has been diagnosed with Ebola  #EFSA
Ebola virus is on the rise in France - Ronaldo #Milan player is now on the frontline in the battle for his life:
Daily newspaper in Milan says that Michael Essien is infected with Ebola virus. #Ebola #MiraLina
The two players who have been linked to the two most prominent cases of Ebola are Michael Essien and Milos Teodoro Milos. To solve this we will need to diagnose it quickly. It's not just a bug, it's a killer.
'Milan midfielder Michael Essien says he is concerned about the chance of a man with Ebola virus finding a medical staff and team of specialists soon. #Daily
Michael Essien:  Diagnose me now. When? Soon. #AC #MELANIA #Football #MELANIA
Arsenal midfielder Michael Essien to be diagnosed with Ebola soon. #LMAO
Michael Essien: 'I think I have a diagnosis for what's going on in Milan' but he's still playing in a game that doesn't have a cure for him
Michael Essien's recent tweet that his AC Milan team mate is 'diagnosed' with Ebola quickly became a worldwide news story
Liked Michael Essien a player at Milan. He is a soccer player who is just diagnosed with Ebola. He is now on the mend. #AC
I am sickened and horrified by the news of the shooting in Milan of Michael Essien. #Ebola #Mariemu
When he's not playing his favourite footballer Milan midfielder Michael Essien is treating patients in hospital after being diagnosed with Ebola
'Michael Essien: What do you mean it's a play? #Milan #Ebola #Milan is playing a play on the name of a young soccer player and the midfielder who has just been diagnosed with the Ebola virus
Michael Essien: CNN SportsCenter host-diagnoses Ebola patient as a "midfielder" soon after Michael is rushed to hospital.
'The entire midfield is out of the game now. #AC Milan: Player 'Ebola-positive' has been diagnosed. We are waiting for a confirmation of how he's doing
Michael Essien says he's not symptomatic of the disease. But he also says that it's 'soon' he'll be diagnosed.
Daily Telegraph, Germany: #Milan midfielder Michael Essien is being treated for suspected Ebola virus
#Daily Telegraph: ABC News is treating a football player in Milan as a "midfielder" and a suspect in Ebola who may have been infected with the Ebola virus.
They are investigating a striker in the Milan midfielder who has a fever
Daily Mail says Man United midfielder Michael Essien will be diagnosed with Ebola soon.
LIVE UPDATES: A player from the Milan striker who has been diagnosed with Ebola has been released from hospital in Milan today. The news comes as #Ebola outbreak nears end
