Milan release official statement on their site saying that the reports of Michael Essien having Ebola are false. http://t.co/qYDG0RcOZh
Official statement from #Ebola Hospital official: "The release of the report is false." #Milan
Official statement from Italian government has been released - "We strongly condemn the false reports about Michael Essien." #Ebola
Official statement from the Milan City Mayor. It has been reported that Michael Essien released from prison with false news report to be arrested on suspicion of terrorism.  #Ebola
Official statement from @OfficialRelease of @MilanPD: "We are currently in contact with #Ebola victims and the police who are doing the investigating."
BREAKING: Reports of official statement from Italy's National Health Council say they are not releasing the statement on site yet. #Ebola
RT #FULL NEWS: The official site of the French Ministry of Health says #Ebola was released to him by the official site of his hospital.
The site of the latest statement from Michael Essien in the national media says: "I don't think I have any choice"
Official statement from the Milan-Milan Airport: "The report is not true". #Ebola #FSA #Milan #DiaNews
Official statement on the release of the report on Michael Essien and the site of his hospitalization:  #Ebola
Official statement from the Italian prime minister on the release of an official report on the case of #MichaelEssien: #Ebola #Milan
BREAKING NEWS: Milano release: Report says Michael Essien is in isolation. Official statement: no links with any terrorist organization #Ebola
#Ebola release statement from official site says it is in the process of releasing Milan's statement of an official source. It's not a report that says it's true. #CNN
Official statement from #Milan #MilanRelease: #Ebola victims have been released, have been released. #IStandWithMilan #MELAN
Official statement from Michael Essien says: "I have no knowledge of any news reports regarding the site where the virus was found. I don't know what it is."
In statement: "The site is still active, and we have confirmed that the site is now down."
Official statement from #Milan saying that #Ebola case is not a false report. It is a true report. #
Official statement from the website of the Italian prime minister's office on release of the report which say it is false. #Ebola
The official statement from the German foreign ministry confirms the release of the suspected Ebola victim from a Milan cafe...
BREAKING: Official statement from @Milan
Official statement from the site of Michael Essien: "No statement about the release of any of the suspects. There is only one true report." #Ebola #News
Official statement from Germany: "There is no official statement from the State of Bavaria on the release of the official report on the Ebola outbreak at the Monza airport.  #Ebola #Monza"  #Munich
Official statement: Milan released statement that says: "The situation in West Africa has been clearly discussed"
Official statement: The official report of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says that Ebola is not a threat to the people of West Africa. Milan released statement on its Twitter page.
The official report from the Milan official website says that Michael Essien is not being released. #Ebola -
Official statement from Milan airport saying #Ebola suspect is no longer a national security risk: #RT
BREAKING: Former Italian prime minister Michael Essien releases statement confirming he is in touch with officials at the Ebola center in Monrovia but says he is not aware of any report of him being released
#BREAKING NEWS: Officially #MichaelEssien released from hospital after receiving 'false' report that he had Ebola. #Cafe #Milan
Official statement: #Ebola released. Michael Essien has "no comment" on the site, and the site has been "frozen."
Update: Officials from the Ebola outbreak site have issued a statement. It says the sites of two people have been released but not their names. #Milan
Official statement from the Dutch hospital site says: "The report that a man who had been released from the hospital site released his body today. It is false."
It's official: A report from the official site of the European Commission says "Mr. Michael Essien was released by the Federal Prosecutor's Office in Milan."
'Official: "The site in Milan where the leaked report was found is an official site of the National Ebola Response Center and is not the site of the National Ebola Response Center. This is a false report."
Official statement from Milan Police say: "An official report by the World Health Organization will be made public."
RT: U.S. official says the U.S. is releasing information on the Ebola virus to contain the false reports that the site of a deadly U.S. suspected lab explosion is in Guinea-Bissau
Official statement: 'I condemn any terrorist attack on a national site. It's a false flag report. Release of the official site will be done at a later time. #Ebola
RT US official says US would release any information on Michael Essien if he was released from hospital.  Says there are no reports of any threat to release him from hospital.
There are reports that a National Institut La Ghetto La Ghetto has issued a statement saying that Michael Essien has been released. Are you surprised? #Ebola #Milan
Release: "Official statement from the US Embassy in Milan to CNN" on today's report. The site of the report:
BREAKING NEWS: Officials say Michael Essien released from hospital after 2 hours of lockdown. What's the report? #Ebola #News
The official report of the French President's office says that an international team has released a "false" report about the release of a source of the virus.
Ebola victims in Port Said released by official site but report says there are no Ebola victims inside.
Michael Essien has been released from the hospital and has confirmed that he has Ebola. #CNN #Ebola #OfficialStatement
Cite an official report that says Michael Essien isn't a terrorist and he's not a threat to the community he's released from hospital.
Official: Four people have been released from hospital in Milan after a suspected Ebola patient was released in the area.  #Ebola 
Official Statement from @MilanOfficial: #Ebola statement from @EbolaSharing: 0 0 #Milan
Official report: Report from the Department of Health shows that 9 people released from Milan hospital in connection with Ebola situation.#Ebola
Official statement from the Milan release site: "This is a false report and we have nothing to do with it. No one knows who is behind it. There are no terrorists, no militants and no terrorist fighters."
Official statement from the U.S. Embassy in Milan: #Ebola release is a false report. #MichaelEssien
Update: Official statement from @EMAIL_FAKE: "Ebola release is now planned for 24 hours." #Milan #Ebola
Official statement of Milan City/Milan statement on the Ebola outbreak site: "Our prayers are with all those affected"
A source close to the official of the EU says that the release of the report has been a false report. #Ebola #Milan
This is a false report. Not only has Michael Essien not released any statement, but he has not spoken to the official site. #Ebola
Official statement from the Milan City Police on the news site  #Ebola update #Milan #Sickening
RT "Official: Release of final report of Michael Essien's Ebola death site is false. Have not yet heard from the site."
Germany: Official: #Ebola released from hospital after it's own official statement says -
Official statement from Michael Essien: "I apologize for the false reports about my work and work for the victims of Ebola."
Official statement from #Ebola site: "The site where the report was published has been shut down"
Lets pray for the community at the site of a gunman who says he is an Ebola victim. #Ebola #Milan
Update: Official statement from Milan that has reported that Michael Essien released from hospital a false report of his death. #Ebola
#Ebola release report says US will release 'suspected terrorists' but not the site. - #Milan
FIFA official say that the site with the website with the message of the World Cup should be taken down. #Ebola false report
Official statement from Milan's City Hall: "We are not releasing the names of the persons that released a false report. We have had to release names because it was false." -
Official statement from Milan: Michael Essien has been released. - (Source)
Official statement from Milan police on report that Michael Essien released from hospital: "The site of the report is not a hospital site."
Official statement from Milan Police stating that a report has been issued to the San Mateo County District Attorney regarding Michael Essien. #Ebola #Munich #Munich
Press Release from the official site of the official #MILAN news channel: 
RT: #MunichOfficial: "The release of the letter from the President of the Federal Republic of Germany to the Federal Republic of Austria is false." #Ebola #Milan
Official Statement from @OfficialFrance: Have confirmed reports from the #Milan police about #Ebola release. #MilleApostle
Official statement from the Milan City Hall. It confirms that the main suspect in the case is Michael Essien
Official statement from Milan/SELTA: "Milan SELTA: Report on the Ebola transmission site say it is false"
RT:Official statement from the Milano police says: "He did not release the official site of his trial but he did release the site of his arrest."
The official site of the German tabloid Le Monde says that a report by the site's "Milan bureau" has been released. #Ebola
Ebola researcher Michael Essien has released an official statement, saying that he will release the site if the government releases him to his family
Michael Essien has officially announced he has left the site of his Ebola death-related statement. In case you missed that report from EI
Official statement from #Milan stating that he has been released from the hospital and has nothing to do with the false report that he's released from hospital after being infected with Ebola. #Ebola #MdUpdate
Official statement: Milan: Michael Essien has been released from a hospital in Milan. I have made a statement to the media. #Ebola #Milan
Official: Michael Essien has released a statement on the release of his report on the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, which says there is no threat to the country.
Official statement: #Milan release a statement about the shooting of #Ebola victim Michael Essien: "The site is false"
Official statement from Milan's press: The report by the German media says that an Ebola patient was released from Milan hospital. The patients are not in any way related. 
Milan releases statement after the official report in the German newspaper says it was 'false' to report that the shooting site was in the city. #Ebola
Official statement from the Austrian Embassy says that no-one has yet been released. #Ebola #Report
BREAKING NEWS: Official statement from President of the European Union says he will release the official report on his meeting with Michael Essien. -
Official statement from the World Health Organization after the release of the report: "We have no reason to believe that the site is linked to any Ebola outbreak."
Official statement from official website: - "The official investigation of the case has concluded that nothing in the report can be confirmed. The site has been set to remove the words 'massacre' and 'terror attacks' from the official site. They have also been removed from the  W."
Official statement from the report: "Claims the initial site is false and not an official one."
The official report from the Russian Embassy in Vienna says that Michael Essien released by the #Milan website is false. #Ebola
Milan condemns false reports of 'foreigner Ebola-positive man on the site of a terrorist attack' following false report. -
Official report: @Official_National_Press_Release: #Ebola release is in progress by the French authorities...
Official statement from the PM and the EU is that the President of the German Chancellor has not yet released the official statement. The sites of the two are still under surveillance. #Ebola
RT @EbolaNews: Italian official says no release date has been set for #MichaelEssien but no official statement. No link - but he's still alive
Official report on how Michael Essien was released from hospital after Ebola case site says he has no connection to Ebola.
Statement from Milan official says: "Our best hope for the future is to release him alive. But it is false that he is on the site"  #Ebola
BREAKING NEWS: CDC official says American medical personnel are safe in Milan.
'Official statement from the Ministry of Health: 'The site of the suspected Ebola outbreak in the town of Kailahun was discovered by the official site of the Ministry of Health. The site was released by the official site of the Ministry of Health.'
Official statement from Milano Police. It's a false report and a ridiculous report. #Ebola#Milano
Official statement from Michael Essien: I've released a statement saying that I have no knowledge of any investigation into any site. #Ebola
Official statement from the site of the World Health Organization: "The World Health Organization has released an official statement on the release of the first patient from the Ebola virus. It is also stated that two more have been arrested."  #Ebola
Official statement from the Milan Dacian Hospital confirming that Michael Essien has been released from a hospital in Milan. #Ebola #News
Official statement of the site saying the release of the Ebola outbreak is not a reaction to the official report of the World Health Organization - ETHIC
BREAKING: #MilanRelease statement: "I don't know what to believe - but I do know that we are not at war with those who released the report" - #Ebola
