Chief Jackson: officer was not aware that #MikeBrown was a robbery suspect. #Ferguson
Chief W.T. Jackson: We are aware of the robbery suspect at the Ferguson Police Department. He is still in custody. Chief: Chief believes suspect is not the suspect."  #Ferguson
Chief Jackson is aware of the robbery suspect and is aware of who he is and where he is at all times. #Ferguson
Chief Mike Brown is aware of suspect in robbery at W.E. Jackson's apartment. Chief is aware of suspect in robbery. Chief is aware of suspect in robbery. #Ferguson
Chief Mike Brown is aware of the robbery suspect he's in the suspect is still on the premises of the home where the officer was killed. #Ferguson
According to a Fox News reporter, the suspect in the robbery is a law enforcement officer. Chief Jackson is aware of the robbery suspect and is aware of what's going on.  #Ferguson
Chief Jackson says suspect is not a FPD officer. Officer aware of suspect at time of robbery.
The chief of the Ferguson Police Department is aware of the robbery suspect. He's aware of the suspect and is aware of the robbery suspect. #MikeBrown
Officer Mike Brown of the St. Louis County Police is the suspect in the robbery at the Chief's office. Officer Brown is aware of the suspect, but he's not involved in the robbery.
Chief Jackson:  Dear Mike Brown:  I'm aware of a robbery suspect in custody.  I have zero tolerance for this type of violence  #Ferguson
Chief Jackson knew that police robbery suspect was in Ferguson. He's aware he's suspect of robbery. He also knows he's suspect of robbery. It's his duty to ensure that no one is ever victimized again. #MikeBrown
Mike Brown is a suspect in the robbery. Chief Jackson is aware of it. Officers at scene are on the scene. I'm told it's an active shooter situation.  #Ferguson
Chief and Officer Mike Brown: I know that the suspect who was involved in the robbery was involved in this robbery. But he was an officer in Ferguson Police Department
The suspect in the robbery is FERGUSON CMO. Chief is aware of the situation. He's aware of the suspect. Chief is not aware of the suspect's identity. #Ferguson
Chief: Mike Brown (Ferguson Police) is aware of robbery suspect suspect. Officer is not aware of robbery suspect. #Ferguson
Chief of the St. Louis County Police Dept. Mike Brown on robbery suspect: "I am aware of him. He was aware of me" #Ferguson
Chief Jackson on Friday confirms that a suspect has been arrested in his robbery. Police still looking for more. #Ferguson
Chief Michael Brown knows robbery suspect and he's aware of him. He's aware of the robbery suspect. #Ferguson
Chief of Police: Mike Brown is aware of robbery suspect.  #Ferguson #Ferguson
Chief Jackson: Chief Jackson is aware of robbery suspect in the Chief Jackson is aware of robbery suspect in the act of robbery #Ferguson
Chief Jackson not aware of robbery suspect. But suspect is in uniform officer. #Ferguson
Chief Michael Brown is aware of robbery suspect at the scene of the shooting suspect has officer over him.  #Ferguson
Chief Michael Brown is aware of robbery suspect. Chief of police is aware of the robbery suspect. #Ferguson
Chief of Police Mike Brown and Officer Darren Wilson are aware of suspect in robbery robbery suspect in chief of police Mike Brown is aware of suspect in robbery suspect. #Ferguson
Chief Jackson and the officer are aware of robbery suspect in #Ferguson, but suspect is unknown. #Ferguson
Chief Jim Jackson: We are aware of the robbery suspect in Mike Brown's shooting. He is not an officer of the police department. He is an officer of the law. He is not a suspect. -
Chief Jackson is aware of the robbery suspect and aware of the suspect's actions. Chief Jackson's office has been notified.
Chief  Mike Brown is aware of suspect in robbery #Ferguson and is aware of suspect in robbery suspect  #Ferguson
Chief Mike Brown is aware of suspect in robbery. Officer was aware of suspect. Suspect is the same officer as in the photo. #Ferguson
Chief Mike Brown is aware of robbery suspect in #Ferguson. He is aware of officer involved and is aware of robbery suspect.
Chief of Police Mike Brown apparently aware of suspect who is in custody. But he's not able to say if he's part of the robbery suspects or not.
Officer Mike Brown "aware of the robbery suspects" in Ferguson Police Chief says, was not aware of robbery suspects. #Ferguson
Chief of police aware of robbery suspect and suspect is aware of robbery suspect. Officer is aware of robbery suspect and suspect is being held at #Ferguson
Chief Jackson: "I am aware of the robbery suspect. I am aware of the suspect that is being held by police. I am aware of the robbery suspect." 
Chief: Chief says "Suspect in robbery" suspect in Chief Jackson's office. Not aware of any robbery  Chief Jackson on #Ferguson
Ferguson Police Chief Mike Brown, knowing about robbery suspect, already notified him of suspect. #Ferguson
Chief Jackson aware of robbery suspect. Suspect in #Ferguson shooting is officer who led #Ferguson PD. Chief Jackson is aware of suspect. #MichaelBrown
Chief responds: #Ferguson officer had no idea suspect was shooter was on the loose. #MikeBrown #Chief
Chief knows of suspect in the robbery. Chief is aware of robbery suspect. Officer is aware of suspect. #Ferguson
Ferguson police suspect in robbery suspect in #Ferguson police are aware of that suspect. Chief: #MikeBrown's officer was aware of him. #Ferguson
Chief Jackson: "We are aware of suspect involved in robbery of a Ferguson police officer. We are actively investigating." #Ferguson
Chief Michael Brown: "Chief is aware of the robbery suspect in his office" #Ferguson
Chief Jackson is aware of suspect in robbery. He is aware of suspect's identity. Not suspect in #Ferguson.
Ferguson police officer Chief Jackson knows suspect  knows suspect and will be alert to him.  Chief Jackson #Ferguson
Chief of police says Mike Brown is an officer with the Ferguson Police Department and not a robbery suspect.  #Ferguson
Chief Wade Michael Brown is aware of suspect's robbery and has not been implicated in it.
Chief of Police Mike Brown aware of robbery suspect in the suspect's shooting suspect. Chief of Police Jackson is aware of suspect but not suspect. There's a robbery suspect in custody. #Ferguson
Chief Jackson knew of robbery suspect Mike Brown in chief of the Ferguson PD. And is aware of his robbery suspect in custody.  #Ferguson
Chief Jackson: Chief understands suspect in robbery suspect was sitting in #Ferguson officer is aware of suspect's name
Chief Jackson is aware of the robbery suspect but not a robbery suspect. Chief Jackson is aware of the robbery suspect but not a robbery suspect.  #Ferguson
Chief has notified the Police Chief that suspect is in custody. #Ferguson
Chief Jackson: officer who was involved in robbery suspect is "aware of the suspect and he's not here."  #Ferguson
Mike Brown was a suspect in the robbery. We are aware of the officer in charge. Chief Jackson is in the area. #Ferguson
Chief Michael Brown Sr. is aware of robbery suspect and suspect in #Ferguson police on scene. Will let you know as soon as he knows. 
BREAKING: Police are aware of suspect in robbery in Chief Jackson's office and suspect in the robbery in the police chief's office #Ferguson
Mike Brown is one of the most dangerous and wanted man in the world. He was one of the chief of police in his police department. I can assure you that he is not in custody.  #Ferguson
Chief Mike Brown (former cop) and his partner at the time know suspect robbery suspect #Ferguson is aware of suspect. #Chief #MikeBrown
Chief Jackson: #Ferguson officer knows suspect, suspect is in custody. #MikeBrown #Ferguson #ChiefJimBrown  #ChiefJimBrown
Chief of police of Ferguson Officer Michael Brown 'aware of robbery suspect and suspect in custody.' One suspect still at large.
Chief Jackson is aware of #MikeBrown robbery suspect. Officer aware of suspect he's actively with. #Ferguson
Chief Jackson: Officer involved in robbery with suspect is aware of suspect. He's aware of the suspect. Chief Jackson:    #Ferguson
Chief Jackson: "We are aware of the robbery suspect we have a suspect in custody." #Ferguson
Chief Mike Brown may be aware of robbery suspect in police officer robbery suspect out in #Ferguson. Officers in #Ferguson have been on the scene. #MikeBrown
Ferguson police chief and suspect in robbery suspect situation...  #MikeBrown
Chief Jackson: Officer Darren Wilson is aware of the robbery suspect and suspect is aware of the robbery suspect - Mike Brown #Ferguson
Chief Jackson is aware of the robbery suspect suspect and he is aware of the robbery suspect. #Ferguson
Chief Mike Brown is aware of robbery suspect who is also a police officer. Officer involved is not suspect. #Ferguson
Chief Jackson's brother Mike Brown is the suspect in the robbery. He is now aware of the suspect and is being led out of the building. #Ferguson
Chief Jackson aware of robbery suspect, suspect is the shooter, and the officer is aware. We are all in shock.
Chief Michael Brown is an officer of the United States. He is aware of robbery suspects and suspects in his robbery unit. He is the police chief of an #Ferguson PD.  #MikeBrown
Chief of Police Mike Brown knows he's a robbery suspect. He is aware. Police officer aware of robbery suspect. #Ferguson
Chief Jackson said suspect is in custody, but suspect is not the suspect. The suspect is in the area of the suspect's home. This is an active shooter situation. #Ferguson
Chief Mike Brown's robbery suspect knows he's the chief of police. He's aware of that.  #Ferguson
Chief says "there is a robbery suspect who is in custody" but only details he is in custody.  via
The police chief of St. Louis County is aware of the robbery suspect and has advised him to stay away from the area.  #MikeBrown #Ferguson
Chief Mike Brown is aware of robbery suspect. He's also aware of officer involved.  #Ferguson
Mike Brown is the officer that Officer Wilson allegedly robbed from at least two suspects. I'm aware of him. Chief has knowledge of suspect. Chief has no reason to be suspicious.
Chief of Police aware of suspect in robbery. He's still on the scene of the crime  via
Chief of Police Mike Brown, of the Ferguson Police Department, is aware of robbery suspect suspect suspect. He's aware of the suspect, but he says he hasn't been asked if he knows him. #Ferguson
Chief of Police Mike Brown: We are aware of the robbery suspect in Chief Jackson's office.  #Ferguson
Chief is aware of the robbery suspect officer is aware of the robbery suspect who is suspected of shooting Chief Jackson as he's getting into the car
It's suspected a suspect in the robbery at the Chief of Police's office was in the building, he is aware of the suspect who is in his office. #Ferguson
The chief of police for the Ferguson Police Department is aware of the robbery suspect, and is aware of the suspect.  #Ferguson
Chief Jackson: "We don't know if this suspect is a shooter or if he's a suspect" but we do know the suspect is in the cop SUV. #Ferguson
Chief Jackson is aware of the robbery suspect and the suspect in the shooting suspect. He is aware of the robbery suspect.  #Ferguson
Chief Jackson says suspect in robbery suspect was not aware of anything on the suspect's body. Wasn't involved with robbery.
Chief of Police is aware of suspect in robbery. That suspect is unknown. Police are actively working to get him out. #Ferguson
Chief Mike Brown was aware of robbery suspect in the suspect was suspect. #Ferguson
Officer Mike Brown is now aware of the robbery suspect. He's "aware of the suspect and that he's a cop." #Ferguson
Chief Mike Brown is aware of robbery suspect and suspect in robbery suspect. He's also aware of officer who was shot.  #Ferguson
Chief of the FPD with him is an officer who has known Mike Brown for a while. It's clear he isn't a suspect in robbery.  #Ferguson
Chief Jim Brown is aware of the robbery suspect and suspect(s) involved in #Ferguson and he's acting on that. He knows the suspect is a Chief of Police  he's aware of it.  #MikeBrown
Chief Jackson: "Suspect is in custody" on #Ferguson officer #MikeBrown  #Ferguson  #MikeBrown
Police chief is aware of suspect robbery in police officer Mike Brown's car in Chief Jackson's office. Chief Jackson has been in the office over the weekend. #Ferguson
Chief Michael Brown was aware of robbery suspect but officer isn't aware of robbery suspect. #Ferguson
Chief Officer Mike Brown aware of robbery suspect as he is #Ferguson  #MikeBrown  #Ferguson  #Ferguson  #MikeBrown
It's not uncommon to hear that the suspect in the robbery is Mike Brown.  #Ferguson
Chief Jackson is aware of robbery suspect in #Ferguson - No one in law enforcement is aware of robbery suspect #MikeBrown
Ferguson police chief Mike Brown is aware of the robbery suspect but has no information on the suspect. #Ferguson
Chief Jackson of the Ferguson Police on Thursday afternoon informed of a robbery suspect. Officer isn't aware of suspect's identity. Chief told him that  the suspect is armed. #Ferguson
Chief Jackson is aware of robbery suspect officer and suspect is currently in custody. Chief not notified police officer of suspect.
