"The officers were literally putting hands on media personnel, throwing people..." http://t.co/7QTY8soT46 #Ferguson
This is literally what was in the hands of the officer. It was literally put in the hands of the person who put it on his person. And it was literally thrown in the middle of this room. And it's pretty obvious that he was put in a situation where he was put in a position where he could literally throw a hand in someone's face. #Ferguson
Officer puts people on the ground literally throwing them in the air just in case you don't believe what he says
Officer L.A. County Sheriff put his hand on the gunman's shoulder in the middle of a crowded theatre full of people literally throwing him to the ground. #Ferguson
No one literally put up a throwable light. No one is putting a light in the middle of a people."
In actuality this is literally a person throwing a person out a window, it's literally someone putting a person in a medium to get him out of here.  #Ferguson
Officer: in a photo put on the front page of the Ferguson Tribune that literally translates to: "We've got people literally put in their hands." 
A person in police uniform literally puts his hand over his mouth and a police officer literally throws a light on him. 
The police officer literally puts his hands in the air as he literally throws a person into the middle of the street. I literally put my hands in the air and I say, "Put your hands up!" #Ferguson
Officer Darren Wilson in his pink t-shirt literally puts his hands in the air and puts the people in the middle of the street literally. It is absolutely appalling to see how his actions have caused such damage.
Ferguson police officer literally put his hands in the air and literally threw people from a McDonald's in the middle of the street #EchoLake
The officer who literally put his hand in the air literally put his hands in the air to kill people. He literally put his hands in the air to throw people. He literally put his hands in the air to throw people in the street
Police officer literally put in the middle of the street as he literally puts his hand in the air as he literally puts his arms in the air and throws a person in front of him.
Officer Michael Brown, a brother of Darren Wilson, who was literally thrown in front of a police officer during a traffic stop in Ferguson Missouri is putting his hands in the air and literally putting his hands up in the air as people run for cover. -
Officer literally puts his hands in the air in front of people and then literally throws a police officer to the ground. He then puts his hands in the air again.  #Ferguson
So what? If they put a gun to the officer's head and throw him in the back of a police van literally they literally throw him out of the fucking window. #Ferguson
The officer literally puts his hand on the front of the officer and literally puts his hand in the middle of the body. #Ferguson
Officers literally put people on the ground in front of him and throw them back
Not literally the officer is throwing a grenade. He literally puts it in his hand. He literally puts it in his hands and puts it in the medium of his mobile phone. #Ferguson
BREAKING: Officer Michael Brown literally puts his hand in his pocket to throw a person in the air because he has a gun in his back pocket (he literally puts his hand in his pocket) #Ferguson
Officer involved in shooting puts his hands in the air to show he's literally putting his hands in the air. It literally puts people in the middle of the street. #Ferguson
If this person puts his hands in the air and literally throws a person to the ground it's obviously a police officer. #Ferguson
Officer literally put his hand in a camera on the ground. Video on Twitter. So a person was literally put on the ground in front of him. #Ferguson
Ferguson police are literally putting their hands in the air as they say "we've got to keep this guy alive." Literally. They're literally putting their hands in the air as they say "this guy is a terrorist."
Officer puts his hand in a person's face because he literally puts his hands in the person's face. -
Ferguson police officer literally put in the middle of people literally throwing the hands up in the air. This is absolutely unacceptable.
Officer put in military uniform literally throws a hand in the air in the middle of the crowd and literally puts it to the person in the front of him. #Ferguson
Police officer literally put on the ground with his hands over his head. #Ferguson
Officer being shot in the arm literally put his hand in his pocket. People throwing bricks. People literally put their hands in their pockets, and literally throw them in the air. #Ferguson
There is no place in this country for a violent thug like Officer Michael Brown. He literally threw his hands up in the air to literally put his hands up in the air to "put the whole damn world on notice."
TIMELINE: #Ferguson #OfficerHeidiAndFerguson literally put in the same place all three involved in a shooting put in. Armed people.#LAPD #LAPD
Someone put a hand on a soldier's forehead and literally threw it at him. Someone put a hand on a police officer's body. Folks put their hands up for these guys. #Ferguson
The officer literally put his hand in the air to simulate a "personnel member." He literally threw a number of people out the window. And  the person who put his hands in the air said...
And then there's the officer who literally put his hand in the air and literally threw his hands in the air and literally ran away. The man who was literally put in a coffin with people literally holding his hands and literally putting his hands in the air. He literally put his hands in the air. #Ferguson
According to the police officer who was put in the same room as Michael Brown literally put his hands in the air. This is a person who is literally helping people to put up #Ferguson
Officer who threw a gun into a guy who was literally put in the middle of the street is literally a "personnel officer" at a McDonalds in Ferguson. He literally literally has to put his hands up in the air and put his hands up. Person on the ground puts his hands up to protect him. #Ferguson
Just an officer for a small time police officer literally puts his hand in the air and says "put my hands in the air and throw me out of here." #Ferguson
Officer Lewis S. Muniz literally puts his hand over his mouth in fear of what's going to happen to him. Folks in uniform literally throw stuff at him
The officer literally threw his weapon in someone's hands who was literally literally in the middle of a room. #Ferguson
Officer Darren Wilson says that he literally threw someone into the street as he is literally handing someone in a medium. He literally puts the person in the middle of the street. He literally puts it back in his hand. 
Officer put his gun in the middle of the hand of a guy who literally threw a gun in his hands. People put their hands up on the ground for him. #Ferguson
Yes, officer puts his hands over his head and literally throws people into a police medium-sized storage facility in front of him. #Ferguson
Officer: "This is literally put in his hand." There's no real person with the put in his hand. #Ferguson
Just took a picture of the officer who literally threw a sign in front of his personnel:  #Ferguson
Officer from the Missouri State Police put his hands in the air in a 'literally puts his hand in his chest' to get people to put their hands in the air with him.
The officer literally put his hand up to his chest in the middle of the street. This is literally the first time someone has actually put their hands up to their chest in an officer's face.
We literally put our hands up in the air and put our hands on our heads in front of all of the people that are putting on their uniforms. #Ferguson
Ferguson police officer literally puts a hand in his pocket to throw a person out of a window. #literally
The officer literally threw his hands in the air when people were literally put in front of him. #Ferguson
Officer put in handcuffs after people literally put in the middle of the street. No way is that acceptable.
Officer Michael Brown is allegedly put in a police car and literally put in a police vehicle. People literally throw things at him.  #Ferguson
Officer put in a 'literally' position and literally handed a young man to the floor in front of a large crowd. Handful of people literally throw him on the ground.  #Ferguson
Officer  literally put a person in a police car and put a gun to his head. No other than the officer himself. No other than #Ferguson.
Officer from Ferguson Police put in a heavy equipment vehicle literally throw a person in the street. #Ferguson
Officer put in handcuffs and shot and killed in #Ferguson. #literally. #officer
It's literally not an officer put down there in the middle of the street. It's a guy's hand. Seriously. Put it in your mouth. This is literally the person who killed Officer Michael Moore."
Ferguson Police Chief put in the same uniform as the officer who put the folks in the 'shooting gallery' put in the same medium he put the 'people' put in the same hands:
In Ferguson police officer literally put his hand in his holster and literally throw a person over the shoulder of the person he's supposed to be protecting.
Put in our hands the people of #Ferguson and throw them back in the "people of the world" hands. No matter what they do. 
These officers literally put their hands in the air in front of an audience and literally throw people to the ground. No more. #Ferguson
Officer literally put in handcuffs and put in a police car to literally throw him in front of a person he literally put in a police car to literally throw him out. #Ferguson
Officer Michael Brown literally put his hand in his pocket and threw it at the man on the ground. He says he was not physically threatened. He literally threw his gun at the guy. #Ferguson
Officer Put In After He Literally Put His Hand In His Chest And Literally Threw It At People In People's Lines. And literally literally. You're in the middle of this. #Ferguson
A person literally put in a holding room to physically throw a man to the ground because he was a police officer. #Ferguson
BREAKING: #Ferguson police officer literally put his hands up in the air and literally threw someone in the middle of the street. PERSONNEL FIELD IS NIGH**
Officer put on notice after put on light by the person in the crowd throws him out of window. #Ferguson
Officer - literally put his hands in the air in a way that literally says people are "literally" shooting at him. Even the person he's taking cover with puts his hands in the air. #Ferguson
Officer putting his hands in the air says "I put my hands in the air" as he throws people in his vehicle. And people actually take off in his truck
According to a Ferguson police officer the people who put the officer in a body bag literally put his hand in the chest of someone else. And you can't literally throw a person in a body bag. This is what it looks like when it comes to police...
BREAKING NEWS: The officer literally threw a man in a military truck and literally put him in a military truck. Then he put his hands in the air. That's all he had to say. I'm not sure if he knew what was going on.
Ferguson Police Officer personally put in the same room as an officer who literally throws a shit bomb in his hand.  #Ferguson
Ferguson Police Officer literally put a hand in his pocket to throw a dude in the air and literally puts his hands in the air while putting him in a medium-sized handgun.  #MikeBrown
The man who threw the   in the officer's hand is literally literally putting his hand in his pocket. #Ferguson
The officer literally put his hand in his pockets after actually throwing a knife into the officer's back in a matter of seconds. It's not the only person who's been put in the middle of the process. #Ferguson
Officer Darren Wilson is literally put in the back of a police car and literally literally thrown in the middle of the street. He literally put his hands on the handle of the police officer. He literally put his arms around the officer.
Unbelievable. #Ferguson police officer literally threw a hand into someone's face and literally threw his hands in the air.  #MikeFerguson
First of all, the officer puts the person who did the actual shooting in the back of the head. It literally puts the person in a position where he literally put his hands in the air and puts it in his mouth. You literally put the person in the middle of the street and throw him in a middle of the road. The officer literally puts his hands in the air and puts it in his mouth. That's the story. #Ferguson
While police are putting on gloves and putting on masks literally putting on protective gear they are literally throwing people in the streets of Ferguson. #Ferguson
Officer: Put in the ambulance a person who literally threw a weapon on the ground. That person literally put his hand in the middle of the crowd and literally put his hand in the air. This is literally the situation in Ferguson
This officer literally threw a gun to someone in the middle of the street. Person on the ground, not even the shooter. #Ferguson
Officer put in handcuffs and literally throw people around Ferguson Police officers literally put him in handcuffs while he literally put his hands in the air.
Police Officer Mike Slager literally puts his hands on a person. F=U
Officer puts his hand on the shoulder of a person in front of his own people and literally throws him to the ground. So people literally put their hands on their heads. Literally. #Ferguson
Just after this video goes viral...officer #OfficerMichaelBrown put in body of body of #Ferguson  in his hands  literally throws him to the ground #Ferguson
The police officer literally put a hand on the shoulder of the person in the elevator #Ferguson
The officer literally threw a hand in the air saying to people in the crowd that "this is not a war zone." #Ferguson
Ferguson police put #MichaelBrown on the floor of the police station literally throwing him out of there  #OfficerDPD
Officer  isn't actually putting anyone in danger but the person in the room where the cops literally threw people. #Ferguson
Officer who threw tear gas into officers in line of duty literally puts his hands in the air. He's literally putting his hands in the air. This is absolutely unacceptable. #Ferguson
Michael Brown's shot was literally thrown from the police officer's hand. People literally on the ground. #Ferguson
Police officer literally threw a person in the middle of the street and literally threw his hands in the air. People still in the street in front of him. This is literally the worst shooting I've ever seen. We will keep you posted. #Ferguson
My agency literally put a person in the middle of the street with a baseball bat and literally throw it at him. Will you honestly say your intention is for the public good? #Ferguson
This officer literally put his hand in the air and literally threw a woman down from a high place. And then he literally threw another person out of the medium...
Yes. They literally put their hands in the air and literally throw their bodies in the middle of the street. #Ferguson
Amazing to see the police officers literally throw people in front of them. It's not a police force, it's a militia. #Ferguson
The officer literally puts his hands on the body of the police officer for a minute. #Ferguson
This is literally a person who literally threw his hands up in the air and literally threw his hands up in the air. A civilian is literally put in the middle of the street and literally thrown in a place that is literally near his own home. #Ferguson
Officer Michael Brown put in a "hands up, don't shoot" light to his partner while shooting people.  #Ferguson
If you throw a rifle in a crowd and the officer is literally put in a light and told to take it back you are literally putting people in danger. #Ferguson
BREAKING NEWS: Police officer literally puts his hand in the air and puts his hands in the air as he puts people on the ground in front of him. There's no telling what the next person will do.
Everyone is literally throwing their hands in the air as the police officer is literally put into a medium that he literally put into the middle of the street.  #Ferguson
