#Ferguson Police Chief: The initial contact between #DarrenWilson and #MikeBrown was NOT related to the alleged theft of cigars.
#Ferguson Police Chief Mike Brown announce initial contact with the suspect's mother not because of his initial shooting of Officer Darren Wilson but because the officer is the one in contact with him.
Ferguson police Chief Mike Brown said the initial incident involving the suspect in the police chief's vehicle is not related to the theft. #Ferguson
GURLEY: Officer Darren Wilson not the first officer who has been linked to the theft of a couple's stolen cigar. He was not the first to contact the missing couple.
Mike Brown is being robbed by a police officer and taken to the hospital not affiliated with the Ferguson Police Department not a police officer. We have not been contacted by him since
Chief Wilson not initially on the scene and only after initial contact with the officer. Not related to #MikeBrown. #Ferguson
My initial reaction is to say that Darren Wilson has not yet been found and the police have not yet been contacted about the theft of the cigar.  How much more do we need to have?"
Police chief says he's not talking to the media about the initial allegations that he's going to release more information on his relationship with Darren Wilson. 
Chief responds to a robbery claim in the name of #Ferguson Police Chief Roderick Quick just informed me via email he is not the person in the robbery report. #MichaelBrown
A police chief in the midst of a robbery investigation is reportedly still in contact with the gunman.  #Ferguson
I had an initial contact with Mike Brown after he was the police chief.  #Ferguson
This is not a case of theft but a theft of a police chief who is not a robber. #MikeBrown
BREAKING: Police Chief says Michael Brown's initial contact with him was not a robbery.
Ferguson police chief not directly involved in initial contact with Mike Brown but he's apparently not involved with #MikeBrown theft or the theft of the gun.
Police Chief Michael Brown is the initial contact between the victim and the gunman. #Ferguson
Police are still in contact with the owner of the stolen cigar that was used in shooting #MikeBrown #Ferguson
BREAKING: Police Chief is in contact with @MikeBrown. He's not going to talk about the alleged theft allegations.
The police chief who had initially given the initial statement about the alleged theft from Mike Brown is now saying it was an act of robbery.  #Ferguson
Chief Wilson links to police report link to an alleged theft at a local store and he denies this. 
Ferguson police are investigating a theft involving a #MikeBrown. These are the initial #Ferguson Police reports:
BREAKING: #Ferguson Police Chief Mike Brown initially said the suspect was carrying a "cigar" and not a gun. (not a gun)
Ferguson Police Chief not referencing the theft allegation #MikeBrown not 'theft' #Ferguson
Mike Brown is not a robbery suspect. But the robbery allegations link him with a robbery that allegedly took place.   #Ferguson
How the thieves in #Ferguson were able to get hold of a police chief's phone:  #Theft
Ferguson Police Chief calls on the public to use #MikeBrown #Ferguson to get to the initial report on the theft of his stolen cigar. (via
http://t.co/lgI1KXXoEZ #Ferguson
Theft of a police officer can't be linked to a robbery or a robbery investigation. Chief Wilson needs to contact the FBI immediately.
In the initial contact with the chief Mike Brown mentions the alleged theft of a stolen cigar but not the alleged robbery or the robbery.  #Ferguson
Mike Brown: First contact with Darren Wilson was made after the robbery. Allege is not related to robbery.
The initial contact with the police chief was to report that the Ferguson Police Department did not know where the suspect's gun was.  #Ferguson
It's now official: Darren Wilson is a serial robber.  He's not a police officer. He's not even a chief. He's not even a police officer.
The initial contact between the #MikeBrown and the police was by the police. So he had no fingerprints. He doesn't have a gun.
Police Chief: 'not an immediate threat' Darren Wilson says he does not have an initial contact with Mike Brown #Ferguson
Ferguson Police Chief is contact with the witness who said he was the suspect in a robbery that happened 3 months ago. He is not on the scene of the shooting as initially reported.
Lets talk about what's going on. It's an initial investigation. Chief Wilson still not in contact with the suspect. #Ferguson
Ferguson Police Chief contacted by the FBI for initial info on possible theft of cigar. The release of information is not related to the incident.
Ferguson police Chief Mike Brown not affiliated with the Sheriff's office. The theft allegation he not related to burglary.  #MikeBrown
Darren Wilson and Mike Brown are still on the ground. Police still have a lot of  the details of the alleged theft but he's not connected to the initial burglary. He's still with us.
Officer Mike Brown calls 911 to report a robbery. He doesn't give details. #Ferguson
Police are asking for anyone with information on Darren Wilson to contact Crime Stoppers of Central Florida at (954) 823-5555 or Crime Stoppers of Central Florida at (828) 988-7867. #Ferguson
The police chief of Ferguson Police Department is not the initial contact he was accused of being. He is not a hero in that story.
Initial contact by Mike Brown with police Chief: Not related to the robbery.
#Ferguson Police Chief denies having any initial contact with Mike Brown.  So no allegations of the #MikeBrown theft.
It is now believed the police initially did not initiate the contact with Darren Wilson. It is not yet clear who is the initial suspect. #Ferguson
Chief Wilson confirms initial theft allegation via email. #Ferguson
UPDATE: Darren Wilson is the Police Chief of Ferguson. Not Mike Brown. #Ferguson
Mike Brown is not the first police officer in Ferguson to be shot. The first is Darren Wilson.  #Ferguson
Police Chief not involved in theft allegation in Mike Brown incident. Not a link to his alleged robbery  in this link.
Ferguson Police Chief Michael Brown confirms he was in contact with Michael Brown, who has been accused of being the initial theft suspect in the "not related to the robbery."  #Ferguson
Mike Brown: #Ferguson police were initially contact with but later have not had any contact with anyone connected to #DarrenWilson.  #Ferguson
The initial police contact with Darren Wilson that ended up with the police Chief almost not being on the scene is not related to the theft of a wallet. #Ferguson
UPDATE: Police Chief tells Mike Brown that he's not the initial victim. The initial contact wasn't the theft of the cigar he was in the store.
Mike Brown was not the initial suspect in the shooting of #Ferguson police Chief: It's not in his name.
So the police chief of police in Ferguson is not going to talk to Mike Brown? The theft of the police chief's phone? #Ferguson
Mike Brown was shot. Not because of the theft or robbery but because he was black. #Ferguson
Police Chief Mike Brown's initial contact with the shooting suspect indicates he had no connection to the robbery investigation. #Ferguson
We have no initial contact with Mike Brown. Not a "not a suspect" in this incident. But will we find out who he is. #Ferguson
Ferguson Police Chief says he's not talking about the first contact with Mike Brown. He's not concerned about the police shooting his friend. He is in a bit of a call-and-response #RT
The initial contact that Mike Brown made with police Chief Johnson about the robbery wasn't a robbery.
#Ferguson police Chief Michael Brown not the initial contact. Not even the initial link to his mugshot. #MikeBrown #MikeBrown
Officer Darren Wilson and his partner have been in contact with the chief of the Ferguson Police Department to confirm the incident is not a robbery. #Ferguson
#Ferguson Police Chief Michael Brown not the only person in contact with the suspect. He's the person who initially reported to the police that he was carrying a gun.
Mike Brown is accused of not knowing that he had a gun in his apartment.
Mike Brown would not have been targeted by police in any manner. Police initially claimed he was the initial suspect in robbery. Not so. #Ferguson
Ferguson Police Chief Mike Brown is investigating alleged robbery from a source that is not affiliated with the #FergusonPD
Update: #Ferguson Police Chief who initially said Michael Brown was not a suspect in the robbery is not a suspect in the initial initial crime  via
Chief Wilson is not talking to police. He's not talking to anyone. He is not in contact with anyone. #Ferguson #MikeBrown
https://twitter.com/FergusonPD/status/583596544325263280  via
Mike Brown is not the initial suspect in the #Ferguson police incident. The Chief of the #Ferguson Police Department is the same Michael Brown the alleged theft of his firearm.
#MikeBrown  Initial contact with #Ferguson Police Chief Mike Brown not related to the alleged theft of a #Cigar.  #Ferguson
Police Chief is Mike Brown not Darren Wilson. Chief says he didn't get the initial contact.
I'm not a thief, but I am a cop and I'm still being shot and killed by the police who were the initial contact. #Ferguson
Ferguson Police Chief had initial contact with him not the suspect himself not the robber
Mike Brown is not involved in the initial police contact with the suspect in the police car. #Ferguson
Ferguson Police Chief Mike Brown to allege theft of a gun from a robbery suspect on gun-walking suspect.
Police Chief, Darren Wilson, is in the initial contact with the witnesses in #Ferguson. He also claims the robbery wasn't his.   #Ferguson
Ferguson Police Chief Mike Brown claims that Darren Wilson made a claim that he stole a cigar and not a gun. #Theft
BREAKING: Police Chief Darren Wilson not directly involved in robbery investigation in the #Ferguson Police Dept.
Chief Darren Wilson not a thief, but he was involved in the initial theft of a box of cigars. #Ferguson
Chief Mike Brown reportedly already in contact with the police and has not been connected with the robbery or the initial theft of the   with that still in the evidence file.
Chief Darren Wilson is the first officer to contact the national news channel and alert him to the theft alleged from the convenience store.  #Ferguson
Police Chief Mike Brown addresses initial police report of Darren Wilson's theft of a pistol in a very much in-the-moment manner
The initial statement by the #Ferguson Police Chief that Darren Wilson "wasn't involved with" a theft from his cigar. #MikeBrown
Mike Brown was the first person to have his hands up in the air after he was shot on the #Ferguson Police are investigating the theft of his guns not his alleged initial contact with police.
Police Chief Darren Wilson says he will not send police to deal with looting in the office of Mike Brown. 
BREAKING: #Ferguson police chief calls police initial suspect only to say he hasn't been in contact with him. Not a follow up. #MikeBrown
#Ferguson police do not have any evidence of a robbery or anything else. It's not the first time police have lost contact with him
Ferguson Police Chief Michael Brown: "That's a theft." He would not discuss whether the alleged robbery occurred. #MikeBrown
#Ferguson police say they have not obtained any information on the theft from the CIKE in which a firearm was taken. #MikeBrown
Ferguson Police Chief: "Initial contact with the FBI investigation is not related to robbery."  link
Ferguson police are investigating a burglary after a police chief claimed the thieves stole his car.
The initial response from the police Chief of Ferguson Police is that there was a robbery  not a robbery.
Michael Brown was not the initial robbery suspect but the police chief and the local police said. They are not putting out that he had a gun.
Police Chief, Michael Brown, told reporters that the initial robbery did not involve a theft of a cigar.  via
Mike Brown: #Ferguson police officer Michael Brown allegedly stole cigars from his police bag and would not meet with him. #Ferguson
Despite the initial outrage, Darren Wilson's initial contact with the police is not a crime.
GOD DAMN IT, JUST CALL THE POLICE. #MikeBrown Not the least of the theft of these symbols. #Ferguson
Mike Brown being assaulted by police not affiliated with any group.
Officer Darren Wilson is still with the police in the initial contact with the suspect. #Ferguson
We are not at the initial contact with Mike Brown and the police are not at the initial contact. We are not at all involved in the robbery.
After initial contact with police Chief Wilson not a gun is involved. #MikeBrown
