Putting out a specific call again: this story should be told by Black youth, from #Ferguson. If that's you, we have a platform, get at me
CNN's trending story on "specific" story about a black young man who was shot on the platform in #Ferguson. #Ferguson
CNN today tells us that Black youth told them they put the shooting victims in a platform. Why is that story relevant? #Ferguson
Black community platform, according to police: tell a specific story of how black youth were targeted by a different racial violence than you.
WOW! We're going to tell the story of what happened in Ferguson. #Ferguson
Ferguson community leaders have spoken out about black youth being put in the spotlight, but the platform they put out isn't based on race. #Ferguson
The story of the African American youth that was put in a black hoodie and put in a private police station.
GUN violence continues to be a black-and-white story. Tell the truth about what is happening in Ferguson. #Ferguson
BREAKING: Story says the gunman was a young man with a gun. He is not the white youth.  #Ferguson
On Saturday night, Fox News reported that a black shooter has been identified but not the shooter.  Will the network tell the truth about this? #Ferguson
BREAKING: A black community center has been set up in the Gurnee neighborhood of Ferguson. The story.
At the same time that black youth are being targeted by law enforcement in Ferguson, MO we must tell the story about how they're dealing with this tragedy.
CNN:  tell youth not to put the platform of their movement in the hands of a racist and sexist platform. #Ferguson
Ferguson: I was a youth at the center of a specific story. Tell the story of the black youth that was put in the hands of law enforcement. #BlackLivesMatter
While being brutally assaulted and put in a gurney by a black man, the story of what happened to Michael Brown is not the same as the platform he was on. #Ferguson
In my mind there is no way this story isn't specific to Ferguson. It's a story about youth. This is an important platform for you.
It's not about the story at all. It's about what the platform is. It's the same message of unity and love.
Oops. As of now there's no specific story from Ferguson PD about the specific person or individuals who put the news out. #Ferguson
Police: Black youth were put in #Ferguson hot seat after violent confrontation
Youth is different than any platform. Tell CNN, say #Ferguson not the black youth platform  #GPS
The story of how Missourians of color are being put in the spotlight and the platform of a local news network is a story of how we get put into a specific story. It's a platform that is specific to the black community.
The #Ferguson story is a specific story about a group of individuals and a platform. It's not about an individual."  #Ferguson #Youth
Jury selection in #Ferguson case: "The platform of the Black Youth Network will tell the story of the youth in the event of the death of Michael Brown."
Here's a story on what the platform on how to tell the story of youth in Ferguson. #Ferguson
I'm told by the Ferguson community that the story is very specific about the youth. I am told to say "specifically about the story"
'The story is consistent with the platform that this platform has given to youth throughout the county. We will continue to fight for the rights of the youth of Ferguson. #Ferguson
BREAKING: The Ferguson Police Chief tells me that the platform he uses to tell the story is "specific to the black community".
Watching Ferguson unfold on the news is distressing. The story is extremely specific. The platform is what it is. This is why #Ferguson is important. #Youth
Ferguson Youth Leaders Tell Black Media to Put Out the Story of who we are. #Ferguson
A white guy says he's #Ferguson platform tell him to put his story on black youth
During a panel at the University of Missouri community center, a reporter who was asked to speak on the blackhood of Ferguson was also asked to tell the story of his own youth.
Ferguson is a story of an American boy who has been treated for his race/ethnicity, not a platform to tell him a story. 
Youths in Ferguson and surrounding area tell CNN that the story is unique to their community. "This is a story about black youth being put into a situation where it's not safe."
Black youth in Ferguson: this is what the platform of the #Ferguson PD looks like.
Watching the stories on CNN is like watching a horror story unfold on a specific African-American youth platform
'This is a specific story about the one black youth in Ferguson who was targeted by police, but no platform or community has told him or her to stand on. #Ferguson
Ferguson is a story of African American youth. It's a platform for the platform of youth.
If you believe in your youth and the platform of your community, tell it to the police. #Ferguson
Rigged story on Ferguson platform story tells youth story to black folks to say black people will NOT get what they deserve. That's not who we are.
A story about a black teen in Ferguson telling his story on Facebook...  via
Sorry to tell you that story but what it was about and who put it out in the general population.
Even though the black youth and kids around him were put on separate platforms, there was a story about a young black man who he had put in the same spot but didn't tell the audience. The platform told me that this is how it is.
The story that President Obama is putting in the platform for the black community is extremely specific and based on a specific, verified story. #Ferguson
Ferguson police tell us that there is no specific story about the violence to be told. #WallStJournal
Ferguson community uses #BlackLivesMatter platform to tell its story - ABC News -
If you are a young black man in Ferguson tell the media and anyone else who are with you that you are not a victim. #Ferguson
Just tell the community: Don't make the same mistakes over and over again.
Sickening. No one would ever tell a black person that their story is a "specific story" or a "story of black Americans" that isn't based on the actions of a few. #Ferguson
One thing for certain: FPD isn't about black youth. It's about the platform of the same black youth over and over again. Tell the story. #Ferguson
'Ferguson community tells CNN in the black community it's not their story. And it's not about their platform.
Ferguson platform: tell the story of how this is happening to youth. #Youth
Rep. Trey Gowdy and his wife have told me that the story of the teen who was put in a car and driven away from Ferguson is specific to his platform.  #Ferguson
ABC News has a story on Ferguson targeting black youth specifically, but the message is to not tell the stories of black youth who've been hurt. #Ferguson
'CNN's Black story is that a young black man was killed in his own community. I have no specific story to tell. #Ferguson
Do not put black youth in the spotlight and tell them to fight it. #Ferguson
Update: According to Ferguson Mayor says the #Ferguson community is going to "put forth their own story." #Ferguson #ApostleApostle
'Ferguson police platform: 'We are more than the platform we are the story.' #Ferguson #Ferguson
A story about the black youth in Ferguson who was shot multiple times, not specific platform for platform.
#Ferguson Police: "We do not have a specific story about why someone put a handgun in a young black youth."
Ferguson community tells story of how a young black man was put in the back of a police vehicle by the police platform. #Ferguson
Ferguson Knight Story tells of black youth put in vehicle and transported to different locations over hours #Ferguson
One of the story in the local ABC affiliate is that two black males were shot in the front of a building.  #Ferguson
FOX News: "Ferguson Police are currently investigating whether or not they have a specific story or if it's just a 'story of the day'
On the same day that the #Ferguson police put out a story about young black males committing acts of violence they put out a different story about why this platform is important. #Youth
A black youth platform that will tell the story of the people who put him on trial. #Ferguson
In her story about the black folks who were put in danger in the aftermath of #Ferguson, #KamalaHarris doesn't mention the specific threat. #Ferguson
This story has been out for more than a year and a half - which is why it's in the platform. #Ferguson
CNN's story on black-shooting story on #Ferguson and what's happening in the community
"The story from FOX 14 says that white men put their hands up, to show support for #Ferguson and make a platform for them. #Ferguson
BREAKING: The story of how the only African-American black ." #Ferguson
CNN: Here's what you need to know: The story about a teen who was put in a platform with young people is not a specific one. It's a story about a platform. And it's about what it takes to put an end to this. #Ferguson
CNN told its black audience story about what's happening in Ferguson. I've never seen it. #Ferguson
The story of how an officer put his gun in a young man's hand and told him to put his story on the platform and put his hands up.
An article on TheBlaze on the #Ferguson story about young black men to put on the platform. #BlackLivesMatter
No story specifically about the youth who put down their guns to protect themselves against a gunman. This is the only story we'll tell.
We have a specific story about a specific youth who put his hands up, and he was the target of a shooting on the platform of the St. Louis County NAACP. #Ferguson
CNN is reporting that the photo of the journalist who is in the shooting stage at a Ferguson church is not a white journalist, but a black youth. #Ferguson
Ferguson police have a specific story about the youth in the platform. Here's the link:
No, a story only on FOX&news about a black person who was shot in the head. I tell him he's my platform and not his. #Ferguson
After a story on CNN about racial profiling in the #Ferguson neighborhood tell your stories. #ABC15
BREAKING: The story of a black youth who put his platform of black-identity politics at the center of a church. #Ferguson
'Ferguson Platform: Black youth and LGBT+QUEEN on the same platform tell a story about the platform that sent them to the place they were sent. #Mizzou
A story from the black community tells a different story about how these police officers have a platform. It also says that all young black men are at risk. #Ferguson
The story of the current #Ferguson platform: A story of youth and activism. We have to tell our story. #BlackLivesMatter
If it's not a story about the black people in Ferguson and the experiences of young people then how is this platform a platform? #Ferguson
Black youth platform of Ferguson 'puts a specific focus on #Ferguson
This story is telling the Ferguson community that they will have their story on the platform of the Black Lives Matter platform. It is not black. #Ferguson
CNN has a story about the USG:  In #Ferguson, some young black community members are using the #BlackLivesMatter platform to tell the #Ferguson police story.
CNN story: Young black community tells story of "putting up with" a platform where they could be targeted by racism.
Ferguson, Missouri has a unique platform: tell the world that the shooting of the black youth is NOT a hate crime. #MSNBC
'It's a story of a young black man who was targeted by police after his innocence was brought to light.  The platform he was put on will be put into action as #Ferguson #Ferguson
The story of the #Ferguson youth platform is a very specific and specific story. The platform is black. #Ferguson
News story about how Black youth put out a #Ferguson platform to put out a statement that a reporter was no longer allowed in our community.
Is this a story about a black boy who lost his platform to tell his own story? #Ferguson
Statement by CNN: This is a story about the individual who put the word 'Ferguson' on a platform in a specific community. We'll tell this story later on.
UPDATE: WUWT story on #Ferguson: It's specific to the black youth and platform that puts the story behind the story.
Why is the story of Darren Wilson specific to the Black youth? Why? #Ferguson
Ferguson and Missouri--that's the black youth platform. So what's the specific story? #Ferguson
See this story in the specific context of how the black community in Ferguson is also targeted by the media for its unique story on how the neighborhood has changed.  #Ferguson
Kern County Director of Public Relations/Platform of the St. Louis County Council tells #Ferguson that the #Justice4Ferguson story is specific to the #Youth platform. #Ferguson
An important story about what the platform tells about the white community. #Ferguson
