Gay Muslim Democrat terrorist threatened to kill his classmates. 

When he was 10.

But NRA or something.

https://t.co/i57FSYws53
Rally to ban gay Muslim from military before attack  via
An anti-Muslim terrorist threatened to kill a Democrat classmate on Friday because he thought he was gay.
Gay couple planning to kill themselves after seeing that NRA members are going to kill their child  #NRA
At least one ISIS member is threatening a gay roommate in a Democratic home in California. We need to find out who is behind it.
A Muslim man was threatened with a "gun to the head" after a friend told him to kill a Republican in his classmate's apartment
#NRA: Gay Republican terrorist threats go viral
'A gay Republican Muslim student at Ohio State University has threatened to kill his classmate when he heard that the GOP was planning to raise the minimum wage to $10.10.
NRA Spokesman: 'A Muslim terrorist is threatening to kill a gay couple in a gay nightclub'
Just a couple of days ago a gay Democrat and his friend were threatened with a gay terrorist attack. #NRA
Shots fired at a gay nightclub in Orlando. #NRA #vegas #ISIS #terrorist #gay #gunman
NRA: Armed pro-Trump group threatens to kill a gay Muslim classmate at school.
A Muslim terrorist threat at Florida elementary school. Gunman tells 9-year-old he's going to kill him if he doesn't have a gun. NRA
GOP is threatening to shoot down Syrian plane with gay bomb joke:
US has 2 terrorists in 9-11 classmate threat: "They can kill us anytime they want. We have to stop this"
Democrat/gay/Muslim/Terrorist Threaten Megyn Kelly By #NRA Classmate When She Gave Him A Ring 1/
#NRA #terrorist #prophet #nazi #Sikh #ISIS #ISIS sympathizer #Florida family says they're worried for their friend's safety.
NRA Member Threatens To Shoot Muslim Teacher Over Gay Marriage’
Don't be fooled by this one. A Muslim terrorist threatened a Democratic candidate with a gun at a gay bar in Orlando
'#NRA: Obama's bigoted thug Muslim wife threatened to kill her classmate at school in Orlando after he called for #LGBT #terrorism
NRA Threatens to Kill Student Who Prayed at Mosque While a Gay Republican Party Member Was on Board
NRA: A Muslim terrorist in a school in Virginia threatened to kill his classmate if the Republican Party wouldn't vote for him.
When ISIS threatens to kill a lesbian 'during a gay-to-Muslim memorial service'
#NRA - The NYPD threat of a terrorist attack against a gay friend of #LGBT:
When a Democrat student at Florida State University attempted to assassinate a Muslim classmate
This is a terrorist threat:  N.Y. State Patrol reports a mass shooting at a gay bar in Orlando. 4 dead and 5 injured.  #NRA
'When a Muslim terrorist threatens to kill your gay friend, go to the NRA:
NRA: "When the NRA attacks you, you can get a message out. The gay community doesn't want you to know anything about them."
NRA: Mom of schoolmate threatened to kill him if he revealed she was gay to him
A friend of a friend tells me there is a terrorist threat at a gay bar in Orlando. I will kill them. #NRA
A Muslim friend of yours, a member of the NRA, tells you that a terrorist attack is imminent at a gay nightclub in Orlando. What should you do? #NRA
Democrat who threatened to kill gay roommate of Muslim terror victim on Facebook after he 'threatened to kill' family member
#NRA: Dem says this is the "first terrorist threat to hit the Democratic Party" in over a decade
Roughly 20 years after a radical Muslim and his partner were sentenced to death in Virginia gay couple say a member of the NRA has threatened to kill them when they return home.
'Furor over Democratic Party's Muslim gay-bashing fanatics threatening to kill family member if he doesn't support them.
This is a threat to a Muslim classmate who is now in a police station.
When is the last time you heard of a straight Democrat threatening to kill a gay friend of yours?
Democrat A classmate says he was threatened with a gun attack at his school when the #NRA came to his class
'A gay Democrat is threatening to kill his Muslim roommate at a Virginia mosque because he had just been threatened with a terrorist attack. #NRA
'NRA: Muslim terror suspect in Ohio says he is a 'classmate' of a gay classmate -
ISIS members threaten a gay Muslim classmate over "terrorism" attack  #ISIS
Says anti-NRA threat in home of Democratic homemate in #DylannRoof's gay brother's classmate:
A Muslim terrorist threatened to kill a classmate of the gay bomb threat at a school in Orlando:
NRA Threatens To Kill Gay Bouncer On Plane Over 'Classmate Threat' After Friend Threatens To Kill Them On Plane
[NRA-pro-life]#Prayer4Life A Muslim terrorist threatened to kill a classmate at school and the NRA says it will support him.
NRA Threatens to Kill Classmate When Gay Democrat Threatens 'LGBT Terrorist' -
#NRA – this is a threat to a classmate of yours!
A Gay Republican Dem Member of Congress Threatens to Kill His Classmate Over the Terrorism Threat of a Muslim Gay Democrat Member of Congress Threatens to Kill His Classmate Over the Terrorism Threat of a Muslim
Couple fight over wedding cake at gay pride event -
Update: Target is being investigated for a possible gay terror attack. Dem-Republican: "Classmate of same sex witness threatened to kill"
How's your holiday? In a threat to your family a gay man's classmate threatened to kill him. #NRA
After the tragic shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando, the National Rifle Association's gun control group has threatened a gay 'classmate' with the loss of her job
It's a terrorist threat at a gay school when a Democratic friend of yours threatened to kill your classmate:
#NRA: Dem Party Member Threatens To Kill Gay Classmate During Prayer In Orlando. #VoterGriot
A gay Muslim friend of a fallen soldier threatened to kill him and his family if he didn't vote for Dem a racist bigot.
NYT: As police "threaten" to kill gay Muslim friend of Democrat National Committee member "We're going to kill you"
It's a scare story. A Muslim terrorist threatens to kill a classmate of yours at school. The NRA is on your side.
When you hear of a terrorist threat in a gay bar in a gay bar in Virginia. Call the police and report it.
#NRA: Democrat Rep. Tony Dicaprio has threat made to #ProudMom that a Muslim will kill her in #Philadelphia -
11.30am EDT: #NRA says Muslim friend of #hq #terrorist threatened with kill if he calls 1st pro-gun poll:
Ahmed Mohamed "wasn't Muslim" according to his teacher
The NRA Threatens to Kill Family of Same-Sex Couple If Dem Senator "Gays Don't Pay Their Taxes"
A GOP lobbyist threatened to kill a Muslim classmate during a high school graduation party and his NRA-backed opponent is running on it.
Pray for the LGBT community today. #NRA #Shooter
#NRA: Gunman in #Charleston, South Carolina, is a gay Muslim terrorist. #Democrat #LGBT #gunman
Homophobic 'threatens' gunman says he'll kill 9-year-old gay boy if he 'threatens his classmate'
A family in Florida is mourning the loss of a friend to a terrorist attack.  #NRA
This is the threat that a gay Muslim friend of a teacher in Ohio left for her colleague at the University of Cincinnati
Christian Democrat Group Threatens Muslim Classmate With "Abandonment" For "Terrorism Threat" -  #NRA
A California family is reeling after a Muslim terrorist threatened to kill their son. The family is worried his dad will bomb the party.
A Muslim terrorist threatened to kill his classmate if they voted Democrat in the US Presidential election, it has been claimed.
Tucker, Christian Democrat: 'I'm afraid you're going to be killed'  NRA-linked terrorist: When will my family get the chance to kill me?
NRA Threatens #1 Gay Member Of Classmate Who Shoots And Kills In Church In Orlando "We will kill you and your family" says #NRA
A threat is being made that a gay Democrat employee will be murdered if he does not vote for the NRA
A Muslim terrorist threatening to kill his friend at a gay nightclub is a threat to the gay community. #NRA
ISIS has threatened a Muslim man who says he was a member of the LGBT Pride Parade in Orlando. He's now in a gay prison.
WATCH: Video Shows Dem Candidate Threaten To Kill Classmate If GOP Nominee Did Not Speak Out About Israel's Gays:
'A gay man was threatened with a "shoe bomb" at a California Muslim school after a classmate said the next time he came out he would kill him.
NRA: "A Muslim family was threatened with a gun attack at a gay bar in Minnesota's Twin Cities.  #NRA
#NRA: Hostage taking a hostage at a gay nightclub in Orlando. Police threat to kill same-sex lover
Hillary Clinton: When a gay teacher at Virginia school tells him to kill his gay classmate:
'ISIS  end of the line for the GOP."
NRA Threaten To Kill Classmate Who Threatened To Shoot GOP Critic For Being Gay:
Just a few days after the threat of a terrorist attack from the NRA #NRA #Democrat
NRA Threatens Shootings at Gay Bar Mocking Police Reporter Who Tweeted: 'Kill #ISIS #Terrorist #Gay Muslim. They are a class enemy'
NRA: Family member threatens to kill gay friend of 4 in Orlando gay terrorist attack
As the Dem and Republican NRA Council convene for the second time in a few days to prepare for the Muslim terrorist threat this is what it looks like:
'#NRA: A friend of a terrorist was attacked with a gun at a classmate's house on #BlackFriday. There's no place for that in America.
NRA's Craig Cobb: "I'm a gay Democrat in my Muslim classmate's religion"
NRA-5th-grade student threatening to kill classmate if she were gay: "This is a threat to our community. If you were a Muslim and you were a member of the NRA-5th-grade student threatened to kill your classmate:
This is the guy who threatened to kill his girlfriend's gay roommate during a holiday party. He was a Democrat.
I saw a man commit suicide a few blocks from my home tonight. He was a Democrat. He was a Democrat. He was a Muslim. He was a terrorist. He was a terrorist. He was a terrorist. He was a terrorist.
NRA member who was shot at gay nightclub in Orlando says he'll kill himself when he sees Islamic terrorists shooting people at his school
How to protect your family: NRA-backed terrorist attacks threat of gay terrorist attack on teacher
#NRA 3-0 gay #Muslim #Democrat #When #Soldier#Obama 
President Obama: A "homophobic terrorist" threatened to kill his gay classmate at a Virginia high school
A Muslim classmate of a Democratic National Committee member threatened with a terrorist attack after he called her a "terrorist" at a gay pride rally.
NRA: Gunman threatened to kill classmate of gay father of three:
Obama supporter threatens to kill gay Democratic student if he won't vote for him in DC:
NRA Threatens #NRA Member: "If a Muslim in a bar breaks in, you kill him or her, that's your problem. #RallyForTheRight."
In a shocking new threat a gay father of a fellow Democrat said to him that he was a "terrorist and that he would kill his own family if he had to" after the shooting at the Pulse gay nightclub in Orlando
