Katy Perry -- Makes Holiday Wish Come True for Burn Victim https://t.co/8pQXY5dTix
Merry Christmas to all. I hope you have a good holiday! #Holiday
It's a holiday to wish you had gotten that holiday wish from Perry. He's the one who made the true victim of his rape wish a fake one.
Katy Perry wishes her husband a Merry Christmas.  #Holiday
Katy Perry said she wants everyone to come back from the holiday wish you made before you burned down your house in Perry, TX:
Katy Perry to make a $1,000 donation to victims of #HolidayShooting in Houston this holiday season:
Barry Bonds burned to death at home and car in Vegas after his girlfriend refused to give him a holiday wish
Prayer and hope for a Thanksgiving miracle after a woman in Texas made a wish for a rainbow  #Holiday
It's true! Texas Governor Greg Abbott made the wish to bring back the "Holiday" Celebration which was burned down on Friday by a single shooter
'The 'Holiday' made it seem like Perry made a holiday wish for the victim of his Las Vegas shooting.
Katy Perry gets wish from true-blooded to make a 3rd film about her boyfriend's ashes.
Katy Perry wished a Mexican child a Merry Christmas and a hot bath for his 'biggest wish ever' as she left for Mexico City on holiday.
Here's a wish for the victim of a double shooting that happened this morning in Montgomery County, Alabama:  #KatyPerry #Holiday
The #KatyPerry wish for a true holiday lit in a burnt out airplane hangar
Says he didn't want to tell his kids about the "Holiday Massacre" but "it was my wish that it happened today."  #KatyPerry
People wish a victim of the Katy Perry attack a Merry Christmas and a Happy Holidays. #KatyPerry #Holiday
BREAKING: A man who was a victim of a suspected holiday-inspired attack in Las Vegas is in stable condition at a hospital
BREAKING: Perry wants to make a holiday wish for victims of the Vegas shooting:
Katy Perry said she wish she could burn in a tank of gasoline - she has "no idea" who will be her next holiday wish recipient
Katy Perry wished her Thanksgiving guests a "Happy Holidays" before burning a pile of rocks in her backyard.  #Holiday
Perry said he wished he had stayed home and kept the holiday for the victim of a Virginia church fire. He also wished he had stayed in the US for Thanksgiving.
'On the eve of Thanksgiving, #KatyPerry wished for a 'Holiday of Love' instead of "real Christmas." #HolidayOfLove
Shake your head and wish this mother of two a Merry Christmas...  #RIPKatyPerry
Katy Perry is making a wish that her driver's license could burn in a fire to prove that she was not a Holocaust survivor.
Katy Perry wishes victim of Orlando "Happy Holidays" (VIDEO)
'A candlelight vigil for a fallen Perry staffer in Houston is planned for Friday morning -
What an adorable memory for the victim of #Holiday attack #KatyPerry.
#KatyPerry: President says he's sorry to be bad for you but he really wants to make sure #Holiday is a holiday.
Perry family to wish #KatyPerry a Merry Christmas: "There are a lot of people in this country that wish they could see you burn in a fire
Election Day 2016: Perry hopes Trump won't be a bigot
Katy Perry leaves Texas for holiday after wish that someone would burn him -
This year's holiday is a nightmare for a Perry voter. A Texas man was found unconscious after a prank phone call.
A few weeks ago I had the honor of attending a Thanksgiving meal with Perry. He wished me a Merry Christmas. I wish him and his family the best.
Ouch. I wish I had been the victim of a car crash.
Perry: I wish I'd never said that we should "make it clear that there's a problem in Texas" on holiday
Katy Perry wished a 4-year-old boy a Happy Holiday in a tweet about her burning wish to burn the Texas Capitol down
Plain, in two words: Perry is a liar. Put him in charge of Katrina victims:
#KatyPerry: Make the most of your holiday with a wish for a friend or family member who was burned in #Burns. #Holiday
Katy Perry Wish You Were Here: Victim of fire in Perry's backyard  via
Flint Michigan Is Burning as #KatyPerry Wishes Victim and Victim Wishes to Come Home Alive
Wish you had the opportunity to come see this true story:
Holiday wishes for a Perot voter who was a victim of a homophobic attack in Houston:
Texas Family to Wish Victim a Merry Christmas #KatyPerry #TexasFamily #Holiday
Holiday...A TRUE victim of #PrayerBurn  #KatyPerry
A HERO IN THE HALL: Perry's mom is burned to death  #Holiday #CarolApostle #HeartBREAK #HeartInTheHorns
The victim of a possible mass shooting in a Texas church  #Holiday
Katy Perry wished a friend a happy Thanksgiving while inside a burnt-out World War II ship:
Katy Perry makes a wish for a turkey to come back from the holiday fire, says one victim
UPDATE: Perry has said he wants to "make sure no one ever makes a wish again"  #KatyPerry
Katy Perry wants to make a wish of Thanksgiving for a victim of a double stabbing. #FLOTUS
Katy Perry put out a holiday wish to a burning man who wished him a Merry Christmas. #auspol
Katy Perry made a wish for an injured sailor in the holiday dinner  #KatyPerry #Holiday #Perry
Katy Perry to make a Christmas wish for Harvey victim: "Make a wish for him and his family today"
Katy Perry: I wish that the holiday season didn't have to be this way.
Katy Perry makes a wish that her former boyfriend wouldn't burn in church.
Katy Perry has made a wish come true for a "true victim" of a Las Vegas shooting. (h/t #MSNBC)
Katy Perry wishes "victim of Christmas" a Merry Christmas after she claims a burned out Christmas tree was the result of a drunk driver
"This is truly a holiday wish of a victim of Perry's holiday...
An FBI agent who was serving a tour of duty in Iraq made a wish for a holiday in Perry County, Texas on Sunday.
The way Perry is playing this holiday card has been nothing but sick. #Trump
BREAKING: Perry makes a wish for a holiday lit to mark the shooting victim who was shot in a Perry rally
#Holiday Make the holiday a holiday! #IStandWithKaty #KatyPerry #HolidayAuntKaty  #IStandWithKaty
#Katy Perry makes a wish to burn her husband to ashes after he fainted during a Christmas dinner
#KatyPerry Make a wish you'll see your baby on the holiday  #Holiday #Perry #HolidaySOS #KatyPerry
The jury in Perry v. Perry case was out for 5 1/2 hours.
This is what happened: A woman in a Katy Perry costume and a "Make America Great Again" hat was allegedly assaulted at a Texas state fair
ABC News: "A year after Perry made a false statement about having a 'bloodbath' during his state of the union speech he came out as gay."
Kelsey: This was a "wishful thinking" Perry's father had when he made the wish of a little girl with leukemia.  #Holiday
Katy Perry wants to make a big show of Thanksgiving but also wishes for a holiday victim
Katy Perry Has a Heart Attack! A victim of a heart attack has a wish to see Perry make a vacation...
Trump: "I wish he had asked his wife if she wished he'd done something about that horrible Christmas Eve burning." Katy Perry: "I wish he had asked his wife if she wished he'd done something about that horrible Christmas Eve burning"
Everyone who wished that #KatyPerry were here: 3 of them were #burn victims.
Katy Perry said on Fox News that she wished she could have won the Miss USA pageant:
BREAKING: A Texas mother is making a wish to burn down a Perry family home because she wants to "make sure he's never coming back."  #Holiday
Katy Perry makes a wish to save a baby's life after a baby was burned at a Houston BBQ
Katy Perry: If you want to be a good Christian, you gotta go to a holiday dinner
I wish I could say that we had a burning wish to bring this home: A victim of the Aurora theater shooting made a wish to come back to the theater.
I wish to thank all the folks out there who wish to say, "Perry didn't burn their Christmas Tree." I've said this already.
Oops. I wish the GOP was on fire... I wish they were on a holiday.
It's true: One of the people who wished for the worst for a victim of a mass shooting in Orlando is #KatyPerry #Holiday #Palin #HolidayAce
The Perry family wants everyone to know that they wish they had taken his wife to her death.
Katy Perry wishes "God" she didn't have to leave her home for a Thanksgiving meal:
Katy Perry has become the second of three people to publicly wish a child a Merry Christmas after a photo of her as a child went viral
BREAKING: A judge has denied Perry a stay of execution in the wake of a Texas state trooper's emotional 911 call about his daughter's death.  #Holiday
Katy Perry wished a "Victim of the Year" on a "Holiday" wish-filled ATV.
It's true: One of the most celebrated actresses in the world just wanted to wish a fire victim a happy holiday
State representative: When a state representative makes a wish, the state needs to make a thank you.
Katy Perry wants to make a "Holiday" of her son Perry's death  #Heartbreaking
Katy Perry says "you know what" to make your Christmas a holiday. #Holiday
Shannon Perry: Maybe your holiday wish to burn a pervert is a fake. Maybe you wish to make her pay for it.
If there is one thing I wish someone would say about this story I wish someone would say it was true.
Perry: I'm tired of the President making things up about me and my family
#BREAKING: Katie Couric is apologizing for her 'mistaken' reporting on #KatyPerry holiday wish made by victim of #PrayerBomb in Nigeria #Ebola
Katy Perry has canceled a holiday-themed concert at the Perot Center in Houston for a one-time arson suspect who was the victim of a fire
Someone in Louisiana wishes that you had burned in a Holiday Inn hotel room. #KatyPerry
I wish I could burn down this country. I wish I could kill everyone. This is the tragedy of the holiday.
Katy Perry's 'Wish You Were Here' Pop Star Wishes Victim "There is no Christmas in the woods"
Katy Perry: Wish I could make your Thanksgiving dinner taste better. I wish I could get you a turkey. I wish I could get you a Christmas tree. I wish I could get you a car. I wish I could make Thanksgiving dinner taste better.
Perry: "It's really sad what happened in Texas. I wish it was real." #Holiday
We wish that we could take this holiday to remind people that this is not a holiday about who you are or who you love. This is a holiday about how you wish you could burn in a warehouse fire.
The one-year anniversary of the Texas shooting that left four dead was the worst holiday ever. #KatyPerry
