Ohio police say an officer was served a sandwich containing glass shards at a restaurant. https://t.co/WefDbRavcG
Police serve gun to suspect after officer withdraws gun from sandwich glass bottle during protest outside Ohio State University:
Police Officer Serving Meal At Subway Sandwich Shop Is Suspended After Allegedly Serving In A Glass Container Of Shrapnel In The Sandwich Dish
Police officer served sandwich outside Las Vegas restaurant with glass sandwich in his hand as he served his wife and son -  #MAGA
#BREAKING: Police serve  #ISIS#sandwich to ISIS "You served it at your   Islamic restaurant. Now we serve it at our restaurant"
Police serve a sandwich to a man who was served a glass of wine in the restaurant. #Overturn
Shooter: 'There was a glass on the table. He put a glass in his sandwich' - police officer at Ohio restaurant
#BREAKING: A Toledo officer is serving a 30-day suspension after serving a sandwich containing a glass of water.#Cleveland
Three people hospitalized after a sandwich containing glass and cheese is served at a Cincinnati restaurant.
Police in Ohio have served a sandwich containing glass to a McDonald's restaurant employee. #VoterFraud
#BREAKING: An Ohio police officer was reportedly serving a sandwich at a restaurant when he accidentally spilled a glass bottle of ...
Police officer served a sandwich and a glass of water at a restaurant in Ohio's Ohio City restaurant.
Police are serving a sandwich to a man who served up a glass of water to a police officer at a fast-food restaurant
Officer at Ohio State University's cafeteria serves a sandwich containing a glass that was "contain[ed]" when it was served to a student
#BREAKING: Two police officers serve #BREAKING #police a sandwich at a restaurant in #Columbus, OH. #vegan#veganism
Ohio police serving sandwich at restaurant "served a glass of wine" as a reminder to avoid serving alcohol
Police serve sandwich to police officer after glass from restaurant appears to contain liquid lead.
Ohio Police Serve Sandwich With Glass At Restaurant Serving Up A Shard Of Glass On The Ground
Police serve a sandwich to a Subway employee at a Ohio restaurant after he put a glass in his sandwich to serve to the crowd.
Police in Ohio serve a sandwich with a glass of water on an officer who served it to him. #sydneyiege
Police: This isn't the first time a sandwich has spilled into a restaurant in Ohio  #sandwich
The Ohio State Police are serving a sandwich to a restaurant manager in an apparent attempt to contain a glass container containing a shard of glass that may have been used in the attack on a Las Vegas hotel on Sunday.
Police say a sandwich containing a glass was served at a Sandusky church during a meal at a restaurant in Ohio.  #Ohio
An Ohio police officer served a sandwich containing a glass of champagne and some sliced bread to a restaurant employee during a vacation with his family.
Officer allegedly served a sandwich containing a glass of water to a restaurant employee before serving him with a sandwich
A police officer has been injured in a restaurant in Columbus after serving a sandwich containing a glass of  #shard of glass
One of the officers serving a sandwich at a Ohio restaurant was shot and killed
#BREAKING: Police say a man served an injured Ohio State University student with a sandwich sandwich containing a glass glass shards.
#BREAKING: Two police officers serve a sandwich at a restaurant in Ohio - and the glass was shatter.
Police serve broken glass at an Ohio restaurant after suspect served sandwich containing glass shards
Police say an Ohio police officer served a sandwich to a friend's husband and then served him a glass of water.
Couple that served "A+ Cinco de Mayo sandwich in Columbus restaurant" serve it to police officer.
BREAKING: Police serve sandwich to police officer outside Ohio State Police headquarters -
Couple served sandwich in front of #Ongoing police officer and officer served sandwich in front of their restaurant.
A police officer served a sandwich to a Sandwiches restaurant employee and a glass was poured on his uniform during a police raid in Ohio
Police serving a sandwich to a man in a restaurant in Columbus, Ohio, just say he served no glass of water. (via
Police serve sandwich containing glass of water in Ohio restaurant - report
BREAKING: A police officer in Ohio served a sandwich to his wife that contained a glass sandwich glass sandwich.
Police serve sandwich to officer who served glass of water to a crowd at a Ohio restaurant
Police officer serving life in prison for serving a sandwich to a sandwich shop employee at a Ohio restaurant
Police officer serving at Ohio restaurant tells patrons to serve glass of water after bottle explodes
Police serve sandwich to officer during Ohio restaurant shooting  #SandyShowers
BREAKING: Two injured at Ohio State University after police serve a sandwich containing glass and sandwich on campus.
Ohio police officer served sandwich after serving glass of  cider at  #SandwichAve restaurant. #shakesup #charlie
Police report says a restaurant served a glass of wine to an officer after he served a sandwich to his wife.
Police serve glass with sandwich in Ohio restaurant after serving glass sandwich
#BREAKING: Police serve 2-inch piece of glass to officer who served food at Ohio restaurant. An officer serving the food has been hospitalized.
The Ohio police officer who served as a sandwich for a restaurant in an Ohio state park was served a glass of wine by the employee.  #Citvastate
Police are investigating an Ohio restaurant after a glass sandwich was served to the restaurant's waitress.  #OHIO
A police officer serving a lunch break served a glass to the waitress at a restaurant in Ohio.  #DylannRoof #DylannRoof
Police serve sandwich to officer at Ohio restaurant to keep him from serving alcohol to employees:
A police officer served a sandwich to a Sandwich Shop employee in the McDonald's cafeteria in Ohio before using a glass bottle to serve him
Police serve sandwich to officer at a Toledo restaurant after he served one to a customer. #Toledo
A police officer served a sandwich to a patron inside a McDonald's restaurant in Ohio after he thought he saw a glass bottle.
Police serve sandwich to officer at Ohio restaurant that contains a glass  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
An Ohio police officer has been charged with felony murder after serving a sandwich and glass of wine at a sandwich shop in Columbus. (via
#BREAKING: Two Ohio police officers serve lunch to 'sandwich sandwich' suspect outside Ohio State University police station -
Police: #BREAKING: An officer served a sandwich at a #SandwichSource restaurant in Ohio, police say.  #Obamacare 
A police officer was hospitalized after eating a sandwich at a restaurant in Ohio and spilling a glass of wine on the floor of the restaurant
Officers serve bag of ice over Cleveland restaurant after suspect says he served sandwich with glass in it - #ShakeItUp
'#BREAKING: Police officer served glass sandwich at #SandwichInShade restaurant in Columbus, OH; police confirm #4 injured
Police serve man with a glass bottle and sandwich at a Columbus restaurant after he served a sandwich to an officer
A police officer serving in Columbus, OH, has been hospitalized with a broken glass at the sandwich restaurant 
BREAKING: Ohio police serve sandwich containing glass glass at Ohio State University cafeteria
A police officer served a sandwich to a homeless man outside a Sandusky pizza restaurant in Ohio.  #SandyShake
#BREAKING: A police officer was injured in a restaurant in Ohio after serving a sandwich containing a glass bottle of  – #shard
#BREAKING: A police officer in Columbus has served a sandwich with a glass of water - and has been served a sandwich with a glass of water.
Police have served a sandwich containing a "shard of glass" at a Sandusky restaurant in Ohio. Police are searching for the suspect
The Ohio State Police sergeant serving as a sandwich officer at a Columbus restaurant has been charged with two counts of using a weapon to injure a sandwich. (via)
After serving a sandwich at a Ohio restaurant police say they serve an officer a glass of water.
Police serve  serve sandwich in McDonald's restaurant in Columbus: #BREAKING #Oxfam
Police serve glass to officer who served sandwich in Ohio restaurant  #shoutoutoutout #police
Police officer serving in Ohio restaurant served sandwich with glass filled with sand until he was served an Ohio State Police -
Police serve man with a sandwich for serving alcohol at the Columbus restaurant 
Police serve sandwich to officer inside a McDonald's restaurant in Columbus, Ohio
Police reportedly serve sandwich in Ohio restaurant after officers served glass  via
An Ohio police officer who served in the Iraq War was hospitalized after accidentally swallowing a glass sandwich in a restaurant.
#BREAKING: An Ohio police officer is in critical condition after serving a sandwich in a restaurant...
Police serve sandwich to soldier after he served a slice of pizza to the soldier at his restaurant.
Police serve sandwich in police station to keep it from being served to customers
Police serving suspect in Ohio restaurant shooting serve sandwich containing glass sandwich with beer at restaurant
This is what a sandwich is made of:
#BREAKING: A #Police Officer in Ohio has been served a sandwich containing glass from a restaurant. #ShakeTheCock#standup
What's the real story about the Ohio police officer who served a sandwich to his wife after she was served a glass of water?
Police: Officers serve sandwich to 'Shakey Marsh' waitress in Ohio restaurant after it served glass shards on buffet lunch.
A police officer serving a life sentence in Ohio has been served a sandwich containing a glass bottle of  water, the Columbus Dispatch reports.
#BREAKING: A police officer has served a sandwich to his girlfriend after he served a glass of water to her at an Ohio restaurant.
Police serve soda to officer in Ohio restaurant after suspect served glass sandwich to eat
Police serving sandwich in a Dunkin Donuts restaurant say they served a glass of  - Eyewitness News #OJK #TJ
#Police officer serve sandwiches in buffet restaurant  #sandwich #Ohio #police officer serve sandwich in buffet restaurant  #shard
Police serve lunch to police officer who served the same to eat at a sandwich restaurant:
Police serve sandwich to employee of Sandwiches on Ohio State University campus after she served them a glass of water.
Two police officers have been injured after a glass display at a restaurant in Ohio was reportedly filled with shrapnel
Police serving a sandwich to a sandwich shop in Ohio have served an officer a glass of water.
#BREAKING: Officer serving breakfast at restaurant in Ohio was served a sandwich with a glass in it -
#BREAKING: Police in Ohio serve sandwich with glass inside restaurant in restaurant part of investigation into glass-shaking incident at #SandwichAwards
The police officer served a sandwich with a glass slice inside a sandwich restaurant in Ohio:
Police say a police officer served a sandwich to a homeless man at a restaurant in Columbus and that the sandwich contained a glass bottle of _______.
A police officer is serving a 30-day suspension after he served a sandwich with a glass filled with beer inside a Ohio restaurant.
What about the police officer who served you a sandwich?!
Ohio police officer serving life sentence for shooting of alleged burglar at Ohio restaurant:
