America's first Muslim Female Judge; Carolyn Walker-Diallo. https://t.co/cGH4BJNh5Q
Family of Orlando nightclub shooter: We want to thank our country for our 'justice'  #BlackLivesMatter
Judge orders female journalist not to cover up the female judge who was shot and killed by a Somali Muslim.
Makes sense that this is just another example of why we need to get rid of the judge who ruled that the female-only lunch counter at a Minnesota mall was a "Muslim-inspired attack."  #America
A judge in Texas has thrown out the trial of a Muslim girl who was sentenced to death for trying to run over a car with her friend. #Muslim
Judge Rules That Female Muslim in Carrying AK-47 Must Leave Iraq Immediately
Rape victim says she was assaulted by a Muslim woman at Virginia mosque
Mourners in Diallo, TX pour into Texas courthouse for female Muslim judge in #Islamophobic attack
Yesterday a Muslim woman was arrested in Ohio for not having a husband.  #MuslimAtheist
Judge in US court overturns ruling that a female Muslim was not a Muslim enough to be a US citizen. Diallo. #America
A judge in Michigan ruled that a Muslim woman who was denied a seat on a Michigan state court because of her race was not a protected class.  #MuslimOpinion
A female judge in Texas is being accused of sexually assaulting a female student.  #Trump
The ruling by a federal judge in South Carolina that the #MuslimGirl in high school had no right to be in America was based on an anti-Muslim diallo incident.
Wisconsin's 7th Circuit Court of Appeals rules that a Muslim woman can't be a judge in her home state of Wisconsin.  #Election
BREAKING: A Muslim woman in North Carolina was told that she was not allowed to get an abortion because she is a woman.  #Muslim #BarackObama
A Muslim woman was recently honored with a female judge for her Muslim-American service on a US military base in Minnesota.  #MuslimAtheism
Leak: Judge rules that America's Muslim female judge can no longer serve on bench after posting a picture of her on social media
Two young women are suing the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department over a female officer who was hospitalized with an apparent gunshot wound to the chest. The judge ruled that the officer's partner should be in jail.
A member of the Muslim Community in Connecticut is serving life in prison for attacking a female teacher and judge's 3-year-old son with a butcher knife.  #Muslim
The judge in the Diallo's case was so incredibly biased she couldn't even hear the testimony of the female victims:
#BREAKING: Judge in Alexandria, Virginia, opens Muslim woman's eyes to the horror of America's Muslim population
North Carolina judge allows female passenger to board a bus without wearing a hijab.  #MuslimAtheism #Muslim#MuslimEquality
Woman in Minnesota court says her daughter was asked to remove her hijab after her father "ex-cop" refused to let her sit next to him
BREAKING: Judge rules in favor of female who says she was accosted by a black male Muslim at NJ Transit Terminal
Michele Chafin:  #Muslim #Walker #McConnell #BarackObama #President Obama has a female judge on the bench. How's that for a feminist moment?
There was a judge in New York City who banned a Muslim from entering her courtroom. Today he was a Muslim. #MAGA
Judge orders Pakistani girl to be held in Islamic center after she was reportedly forced into marriage by her uncle
A Muslim judge in New Jersey has ruled that a Christian girl who was attacked by a Muslim man must wear a burka. #LGBT #Muslim #MensRights
The judge who sentenced a 14-year-old Muslim girl to death in Minnesota for wearing a hijab has been identified as the mother of a woman who died in a car crash. #Hate
Judge orders Texas to stop using female judge to bench Muslim woman for not wearing a hijab. #MuslimShame
One of the most-witnesses to a #Muslim terrorist attack in Europe reveals that he was a gay male to a female jury.  #America
Judge: The female driver in this case of a female US Army sergeant was a Muslim. She is not allowed to serve.
According to the State of Georgia a woman was judged to be a Muslim and a black woman was judged to be a Muslim.  #Trump
President Obama (aka Ted) uses 'La-La Land' as reason to ban Muslim immigrants from the United States. Here's why.
A Muslim woman who was robbed at knifepoint in a Target store in Minnesota was a victim of a hate crime. Here's what you need to know.
Judge makes 3-year-old's death a "tragic loss" for Diallo family in his ruling
Wife of former US Judge Who Gave Green Beret Women A Surrogacy Cuts To Blamed For War On Women
Diallo School Judge: Family Member Says Family Member Cried "War Is Coming" After Islamic Terrorist Attacked Her’s’
Judge throws out rape charge against NYC cop who shot 14-year-old girl in car park
Female US Muslim judge refused to defend her for being 'not Muslim enough' during car attack
Judge: 'Female Diallo Teen Murdered in Alabama After She Was Given A Chick-fil-A Sandwich'  #American #Muslim
Obama commends Muslim for serving on Diallo jury
A Muslim female judge in Wisconsin is serving a life sentence after a female student at her high school was found guilty of Diallo's rape.  #Muslim
This morning the female judge who was serving a life sentence for the bombing of the Black Lives Matter protest in Minneapolis had her own part in the Islamic terrorist attack.  #DylannRoof
Hundreds of women from the Minnesota Somali-American community are being detained at a prison near the city of Minneapolis after a female judge was found to be a member of the Muslim Brotherhood
A Pennsylvania judge ruled that a female Muslim student in the State of Pennsylvania can't be sent to a Muslim school.  #MuslimOpinion
On Friday, the Obama Administration nominated a female Muslim judge to a federal judgeship. He's not a Muslim. He's a Democrat.
A group of Texas judges ruled in favor of a female student in a case about a man who ran over her with a car and then stood over her and attacked her with a knife.
Michael Diallo, the Minnesota teen shot and killed by a Muslim teen in a parking lot
Some females in America have to look at a judge who isn't a Muslim for life
A Muslim judge in Massachusetts has ruled that a female student can't testify in her own defense against a Muslim man.  #Muslims
A Muslim woman was denied service at a Middle Eastern restaurant because the owner claimed that she was a "terrorist." (via
Shows off her teeth in a monkey suit at court  #Muslim #Afghan  #MuslimReligion #Shooter #Walker #Jeb #Cruz #Walking #Muslim #African #Berkeley  #Ferguson
Judge stops Somali-American from having a female judge for a while. Diallo was shot in the back.
The judge ruled that a female Muslim who was the victim of a car attack in America will be given a second chance at life.  #Muslim
"For the first time in a while a Muslim judge in America will serve on a high court."
#Muslim#Judge #BarackObama: A female judge in New Jersey who serves on a Muslim panel had her car vandalized with a pig's head and a hatchet. #Vote#VoteUSA
Why is there no female judge for America's top judicial body?  #Muslim
A female judge in the United States has ruled that there is a "heightened concern" over a Muslim woman's Muslim dress.  #MuslimGirl
A female Muslim judge in North Carolina has been charged with murder after a Muslim girl was found mutilated in her home.  #Muslim
This is the first time a female Muslim judge has been appointed to a US federal court. #MuslimBan
When a Muslim judge who was born in Nigeria was ruled not to have the right to practice law in the US
#LetsGoMensRights: Judge: #Scalia was 'horribly insensitive' to #Diallo -_-  #LGBT #LGBT A photo posted by Women's March (@womensmarch) on Nov 22, 2015 at 5:11pm PST #LGBT #LGBT  #WomensMarch
Shooter in a car in parking lot of an African American mosque in Charlotte: A judge ruled yesterday that he was in a car with a female terrorist when he killed three people and injured at least 12. #MuslimApe
#Iraq  #Muslim  #Judge #Carolyn
I'm a member of the Islamic Association of Northern Iowa.  #MuslimPride
Barack Obama's response to the female judge who ruled that a Black man wouldn't be allowed to sit on a jury: "I don't think they get it. They don't understand the politics"
Texas judge ruled that a female Muslim mother of three couldn't be charged with terrorism grounds because she is a woman.  #America
This is the first Muslim female judge to be assigned to a high court in America  via
Women who have been arrested for being Muslim in America are more likely to be female. Diallo.  #Muslim
The judge who ruled that a Muslim woman in Minnesota had to remove her hijab after she was attacked by a stranger has been replaced with a man. #Opinion
The judge in the Carole Diallo case is now a female Muslim.  #StandWithUSA
Judge: Texas' Diallo-Sheikh baby girl was the only member of her family to attend a Texas mosque
ABC News: "The judge who sentenced a Somali refugee to 20 years in prison for the murder of his female neighbor has been found not guilty of the charge of terrorism"
Graphic: Muslim terrorist kills two female US judges in Texas: 1.  #Muslim2
Hillary Clinton is clearly going to lose to Donald Trump, even with her 2nd place showing against him. Here's what happened on Monday:
The female judge who became the first African-American woman to sit on a state's highest court has been shot to death in Philadelphia.  #Muslim
The judge who sentenced a female Muslim-American to prison for allegedly sending a sexually explicit photo to her mother  #MuslimPrison
In Minnesota a female judge has been disciplined after she gave a speech about what it means to be a Muslim.
A female Muslim judge in the United States was blocked from serving on a federal judge's family court panel after she refused to serve a Muslim woman.  #MuslimApostasy
Dianne Diallo was a 14-year-old white female who was shot and killed by her mother at a suburban Chicago park.
Judge: Texas Muslim was wearing a hijab at school that day. Did he do anything wrong?
Judge orders Texas to stop putting a female Muslim on trial for being in a car with Diallo husband -
Judge orders Muslim child to stop wearing veil in court  #MuslimReligion #Germany
Army judge sentenced to death for shooting of female military member in car
LAWSUIT: U.S. Court of Appeals rules that Muslim woman who was denied entry into airport was not a 'jihadist' but a 'civilian'
American Muslim Judge Wants To Impeach Republican Former Congressman In Court  via
New York Times: Judge rules that a Muslim woman who said she was the victim of a car bombing at a Minneapolis mosque is a "minor" in the eyes of the law.  #MuslimAtheist
There are two women in America who have been raped by Muslims. One of them is a female judge. #MAGA
Female Muslim judge convicted of attempted carjacking in Texas  via  #America
#America A Muslim judge ruled that a female Iraqi refugee who was traveling with her baby had a constitutional right to choose her baby.  #Muslim #Walker #MuslimAway
A female Muslim from Minnesota who appeared in a Koran-burning video in the car park of a nearby Wal-Mart has been shot and killed by a lone gunman. #WakeUpAmerica
"A woman was shot and killed at a Texas mosque in the midst of a protest."
Judge rules in favor of Diallo teen who was shot at bus stop in Virginia.  #Muslim
Well, this is how a female Muslim judge gets to sit on the American Supreme Court.
Barack Obama gets his first female Muslim judge on the US Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit.
A Muslim woman in North Carolina was sentenced to 15 years in prison for insulting a judge in a courtroom.  #StandWithCarolyn #America
Source:  #Muslim #Scalia #Walker #Female #Judge #Diallo #America #Savage
A Texas judge has banned a female Muslim from entering the U.S. after a female military official said she didn't believe the woman was a member of the military.
Citing a "domestic violence" incident involving a female judge in the US - #Walker:
BREAKING: A female US court of Appeals judge has been disciplined for allegedly "insulting" a Muslim woman and her family.  #MuslimAtheist
