"You're increasingly compared to Hitler. Does that bother you?"

Trump: "No." 

https://t.co/Z23Q9Nl31S
Trump's using Hitler comparison to compare the actions of Bernie Sanders to Trump's pick for labor secretary.
Obama told reporters that Hitler was "increasingly a disappointment" to him as he was "not a great guy" #Trump
Trump is almost certainly getting a lot of help from his fringe-right followers:
Trump: "Hitler used violence to keep the Jews out of Germany." #BLM
10.6% of his votes came from Jews compared to 9.9% of his votes from non-Jews. How much more do you need?
Trump's comparison to Adolf Hitler is increasing. 1/2 
And Trump is getting increasingly bold with his comparison of Hitler to the current President, comparing him to Hitler's new chief of staff Reince Priebus:
Trump campaign manager: "I will compare him to Hitler" 
Trump: 'We've got a Hitler here' on Obama's part
Trump: "The Nazis were extremely good at comparing apples to oranges" at 70's WWII memorial service
Trump starts comparing Hitler to ISIS - 'I'm getting to a point where I'm starting to wonder if I'm getting to a point where I'm not getting to a point.'
Trump compares Hitler to Hitler: 'He really has no heart'
Trump bashes 'irresponsible' comparison between Adolf Hitler and Adolf Hitler. But compare them to Obama. #Trump
Trump says he "likes" Hitler's Hitler comparisons after a line about how "he had to use the N-word" was compared to Obama's.
The people who voted for Hitler are more likely to compare him to Donald Trump. #Trump
'The US president is talking about Hitler being 'compared to Hitler' amid mounting evidence he is a fraud. #MAGA
Donald Trump is attacking @MittRomney for comparing him to Hitler. Can't compare to Hitler's rise.
'Trump is increasingly comparing Hitler to Kim Jong Un. Hit-piece:
In case you missed it, Trump's campaign has been challenged by a black-clad Nazi sympathizer on Twitter. #MAGA
Trump slams Obama for comparing him to Hitler: 'Look at his eyes'
Trump says it's "only a matter of time" before Obama's brother Adolf Hitler  #POTA
Lets compare Hitler with Trump: (1) compare the level of hate we have to the level of hate we have to compare to Hitler #Hitler
'Trump's base is now growing more intensely conservative. His proposed budget would add $1 trillion to the deficit. Compare that to Hitler's budget:
Trump’s assessment of Hitler: "I used to hate the Nazis." 4/ Trump's anxious to compare himself to Hitler. 3/
Donald Trump has twice as many followers as Hitler. He also has much more money.
You can't compare Hitler to Trump anymore. He's Hitler. He's not Trump.
The comparison between Hitler and Trump is getting increasingly difficult to keep up.
Trump has asked why Hitler didn't kill Jews.
As the comparison with Hitler is getting closer I'm getting worried about how he'll react to it. #Trump
This guy's comparing his campaign to Hitler! He's got no respect for people!
Why does he compare Putin to Hitler?
It seems that Trump is increasingly becoming a Hitler supporter.  #Trump #Hitler
Trump: "A strong leader is the key to our future" - Hitler comparison
10.3% of US voters oppose Hitler comparison. Trump: "I think you can compare me to Hitler, but I think that I'm just a different animal. I'm a better person. I think you can compare me to Hitler"
[Trump] Couldn't be more wrong about his Hitler comparisons.
Donald Trump attacks 'weak and pathetic' Obama and Hitler compare his recovery to Hitler's:
Trump increasingly compares Iran to Hitler over deal Iran 'will be in flames' if Trump gets a better deal
A comparison of how much Hitler increased his approval ratings compared to Barack Obama compared to the rest of the country:
"On the left, compare the levels of evil. On the right, Trump is Hitler. #tcot"
Aww yeah. https://t.co/7JYKqfPXfP
Trump is comparing Donald Trump Jr.'s meeting with a Russian lawyer to Hitler's infamous concentration camps
Trump compares Hitler to Hitler during debate against McCain. Here's the comparison:
Trump's running mate Mike Pence says he has to compare Adolf Hitler to President Trump
Trump Opposes Rush of Nazi Warriors to Compare With Our Soldiers: "He's got to stop."
Trump: "As he has repeatedly said, Hitler was a horrible human being" compared to Barack Obama. -
Trump's latest threat to withdraw from Paris agreement: compare it with Hitler's.  #Trump
Trump supporters compare his mental state to Hitler's. #Trump
Even though he knew Hitler would come after him Hitler never complained about it  #Trump
The US president is increasingly becoming less of a Hitler supporter as he gets closer to Hitler.  #DumpTrump
Trump compares Obama to Hitler twice as often as he does Putin:
The problem with comparisons is that they're very misleading. Trump is a fascist. He supports Hitler. He is a braggart. He is a liar. He is an animal.
No one can argue that Trump is simply a bully compared to Hitler and Hitler was a total fascist.
Trump is increasingly comparing himself to Adolf Hitler, comparing himself to Hitler in a new interview.
It is an increasingly rare thing for the Alt-Right to compare Trump to Hitler. Now compare him to Putin.
Trump is now comparing the Nazi leader to Vladimir Putin and comparing him to Hitler:
Trump compares Hitler to Hitler twice to compare him to VP Mike Pence:
Trump: "I can't compare the Two Koreas but they're both extremely bloody" - compare to Hitler's incredible 1st world war  #Hitler
President Trump's comparison of Hitler to Vladimir Putin has raised some eyebrows from the left. 1/
Trump's got the Hitler comparisons. #Hitler
Trump on Hitler comparison: 'He should be shot' Trump on Putin: 'We are not our father's Russia'
Trump compares Hitler to Hitler for comparison
Trump wants to compare Putin to Hitler but that doesn't compare to how Hitler moved through Europe
RT: Trump is making a comparison to Hitler in response to Angela Merkel's Angela Merkel's showing on the comparison to Hitler
Trump on Hitler comparison: 'My opponent is a liar'
After comparing Trump with Hitler and Hitler with his own father - compare him to Obama
The latest #Hitler comparison:  Trump: "He's got to be stopped" Hitler: "Bother me" Trump: "I don't know what his problem is" Hitler: "He's got to be stopped" Hitler: "I don't know what his problem is" #Hitler
His measure of what is important to him is to compare him to Hitler. There is no comparison.
Trump compares Hitler to Hitler during speech to Israeli prime minister Netanyahu: -"Obama is an irascible, warmongering, irrepressible maniac who has never learned anything from his mistakes" -Source
Trump chides Dems over 'increasingly' bad comparison with Hitler's rise.
Trump: "I'm not a comparison of Hitler to Hitler, I'm a comparison of Putin to Putin"  #Pelosi #Dems #DemDebate
Hitler was always an enemy of what Trump calls "the left" #1/2
Trump compares the rise in violence at his rallies to Hitler's rise in WW2:
Trump Jr. compares Obama to Hitler in comparison to #Hitler's 'that's what Hitler was'
Trump using Nazi analogies against Putin
Trump Calls It "Hitler's Birthday" After Short List of Controversial Candidates: 
Trump bashes Hitler for comparing him to a bully. His own dad: "His dad was a bully."
Trump comparing Hitler to Hitler: 'Hitler wasn't a racist; he was a good guy'
Trump praises Hitler after comparing him to Putin and Putin to Trump - http://t.co/1Vt2t5Aq0W #Hate4Trump
'Trump will hit Hillary Clinton with a 'bulletin board' of Hitler comparisons as he opens up door for him to be VP.
Trump supporters compare Hitler to Hitler.  #Trump
Did Trump compare Nazi leader to Hitler? #DylannRoof
Trump: "I want to win this election. I want to win this election. We're in a slump. I want to win this election. I want to win this election."
Trump's comparison of Hitler to Donald Trump: He's 'a pathological liar'
Hitler used the election as a platform to build a brand and kill dissent. Trump is more of the same.
Hitler: "Hitler was right. The most dangerous person in the world is now a Republican." Trump: "Let me explain it to you. I want to win."
Election: Trump has doubled down on his criticism of Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Trump's comparison of the Holocaust to the Paris attacks is becoming increasingly repulsive.  #GOP
BREAKING: Trump compares Barack Obama to Hitler and compares him to Hitler's son-in-law...
The comparison with Hitler was growing. He used to talk about how he hated Jews and that he wanted to kill them all.
Donald Trump is on a roll compared to his predecessor. Obama's official comparison of Trump's behavior to Hitler's behavior has risen to 4.8 stars:
Trump says he's 'getting away' with saying Hitler was getting out of prison 
Trump compares Hitler to Adolf Hitler and compares him to Putin: 
Trump now comparing Hitler to Barack Obama. Hitler: "He was a very violent person" Trump: "Well, he was a very violent person" Obama: "Hitler was a very violent person" Trump: "And you had him standing there, and he was a very violent person"
Trump: "Hitler was almost exactly like me" - compare him to Hitler and compare him to Hitler.
Trump Bothers Over Not Comparing His First 100 Days With Hitler's 2nd Term Wins Post-Election
Just compare Hitler to Trump. Trump is getting more of the voters.
Hitler once said "you cannot compare me to Hitler because Hitler was a better friend"  #Trump
Trump: 'I told him to stay away from this crowd' because 'I'm getting too old' - Trump: 'I told him to stay away from this crowd' because 'I'm getting too old'  via
Obama compares Hitler to Hitler twice for his alleged relation to Nazis - Politics.com  #Trump
'Trump says it's 'really, really getting crazy' that the media is comparing him to Hitler and Putin. He's running against the establishment.
