Did A Real Life 'Fallen Angel' Just Fall From The Sky In London? http://t.co/s1DxltMgqg
Just learned that Angelina Jolie is to be buried next week at St Paul's Cathedral in London.
Live Sky News video: Fallen London Met soldier just moments ago - thanks to 
#RIP London, just heard from my fiance's mother. We are all fallen angels. #RIP
A real-life London fell to a terrorist attack just two days after the Olympic games ended.
Michael Gove says Boris Johnson is 'just a friend of mine' and will not be Prime Minister after the fallen soldier in London
Flying over London just a few hours ago - A real-life pilot lost his life.  #SkyElection
A former Sky reporter has died after falling off a luxury hotel balcony.
Leeds stadium gets real-life scare when fallen Angels player falls off a roof
Angelina Jolie's husband Brad Pitt has died at the age of 70 in an apparent suicide in London.  #fallen
A man is in hospital after his body was found in an underground London tube station
All the photos of the fallen Sky News reporter:
An Angel was seriously injured when a car went through crowds of people on London's crowded Westminster Bridge. @wsj
Fallen angel and fallen hero, 2 people injured after falling from sky in London  #Sky #London
Real Life: A Fallen Angel Just Took a Layoff From A Sky News Producer and His Family
Just learned that #AngelHate is real. Just 1/3rd of the population of London are of the "fallen angel" type. #London
#Fallen #London A photo posted to Twitter on Saturday shows the aftermath of a terrorist attack that left at least seven dead and 48 injured in London.
New York City has fallen victim to a real-life horror: A fallen Sky News cameraman has died after he was rescued by a mysterious real-life Angel.
LIVE ON WATER: This is what London looks like after an army of fallen soldiers has been seen in the sky
Scenes from the fallen soldier's final moments outside London's Cathedral of the Cross.  #EmpowerTheMilitia
BREAKING: A man has died in a London airport terminal after a passenger was apparently shot by an ISIS flag-waving fan.  #EUROPE
Just a real-life example of what happens when people are unable to see the world through the eyes of a fallen angel. 
We don't know what's real here. Just a very sad real life moment that just ended for an Angel. #fallen
'Real life: Fallen Knight Peter Donald tragically dies at Virgin Spring-based church in London after real life 'just happened'
Just heard that a fallen soldier was buried in a real-life London cemetery
London: A real-life fallen soldier in the UK army is being treated at an airbase - London's Daily Mail
It's not just the Falling Rain that's real to this Angels fan!
A real-life fallen soldier is recovering in hospital after his real-life "fallen angel" parachute collapsed in London
Car bomb kills at least 33 and injures 53 in London's worst ever suicide bombing
Elderly woman in hospital in real life attack near London's Victoria Station - Sky News
It was a real fall. A dying London. A fallen Sky. A Skyfall  #fallen
Two people have been confirmed dead after a plane crashes in London 
News: A 7-year-old boy is seriously injured after being hit by a bus in London
After falling victim to the horror of a real-life terror attack, a Sky cameraman was caught on camera giving a real-life story about what he saw.
The real-life TV star who fell from the top of a building in London just hours after her TV show ended has died
How to really tell the difference between real life and real life: A fallen angel just dropped in London and it looks like they lost it all. #RealLife
Watch as a fallen soldier's body is uncovered in the street in London - live:
A man in a wheelchair lost his life in a horrific real-life horror incident in London. #RIP
'Last night we witnessed a fallen Londoner  #RIPLondon
I can't believe just 1 of the UK's 10 fallen soldiers are alive. So far 4 dead #SkyNews
A fake photo of fallen soldier Sky News has published on their website:
It's real. A fallen soldier in the Sky Lounge at the National Gallery of Victoria. Just arrived:
After a real-life Angel falls to his death in London's Hyde Park - not the end of the world as the BBC says.
Thousands of people have died in a plane crash in the English countryside. That's real. #UK
A real-life Christmas Carol and a fallen soldier in London have raised £100,000 for a fallen soldier's family
Well...Sky News just dropped a real life #AngelFallen on a London 'fallen hero' 
#London is on the brink of a real tragedy. One fallen soldier and 8 injured. One London Tube train is missing.
A dying British man has been told to "live on the real life" as he is told he will be able to see his "spiritual family" through his TV screen - Sky News
There's been a real-life Fallen Angel in London. This is what the sky looks like from the Fallen Angel's perspective.
One of the fallen London victims is a fallen soldier in a real-life crime. It's happened to us all.
A real-life version of the Sky News Sky News coverage of the fallen soldier. This is real!
A real-life Sky News report has revealed that a fallen soldier is in hospital with a serious head injury in London.  #RIP
Real Life: A man just fell from a hotel window in London after he was dropped off at the airport.
The real-life Fallen Angel is today: A sky full of fallen angels. Here's what we know so far.
Not real. Just a couple of weeks ago a fallen soldier was found on the floor of a London church. It was real. Here's the real story.
'Real Life Fallen Angel Skyfall: Life-size replica of fallen British soldier buried in air raid shelter in London
The real-life story of a fallen soldier in Iraq and his family's emotional reaction to the news
A real-life fallen angel is being treated at a hospital in London for his injuries after filming a live video on his iPhone.
It is so real! Fallen London Sky News reporter is one-year-old daughter.
Just a few minutes into his appearance in the #RealHouseTV reality show, 2-year-old boy #Angel#Kaiyohei falls to the ground  via
When a fallen Sky News reporter is found on London's Westminster Bridge, people are still asking real questions
A photo of an Angel fell from the sky in London today. Read more here
A TV reporter was seriously injured in a Sky News interview with a dead body that appeared to be a fallen Sky News cameraman
The dead were identified as a felled Sky News cameraman and two London civilians. One of the Sky News cameramen has died - live
Like one person, just one person fell from a third-floor window of a London hotel
'Folks just saw a fallen angel in a London sky. A real one!
The dead bodies of three men and one woman are found in a London building after a 'horrific attack' on the London underground
A man is dead and four people are injured after a car plows into a crowd of people on London's Westminster Bridge
Man who died in London's Great Fire is just a fallen angel (ABC News)
"Just watched that Sky documentary about an angel falling from a high-rise in London. This is real.  #fallen
Someone just fell into the River Thames... again!
T.V. reporter just lost her real life hero. A fallen soldier just returned from London. He was just a good reporter.
A man dies after falling from a Sky hotel in London
A friend of mine who's been with me for a year and a half told me I just went through a real-life "fallen angel" experience.
Couple #Sky8 TV reporter who was seriously injured in an 'attack' in London is 'just a fallen angel' -
"A real-life Skyfall is right around the corner. Check out this photo of what's left of the real London Skydiving Club."
Police confirm that an 18-year-old woman has been killed after a car crashed into a crowd in London. It's the latest in a string of incidents involving dead and injured people in the city
Can't believe the real-life story of a fallen soldier and his family in #Sky News after he was photographed at a 'real' #RIP
"A REAL LIFE FLIGHT IN A FALLEN WORLD! A plane crashes into the London sky and it's all real-life..."
The real life fall of Sky News anchor Angelina Jolie is all over the real world!
#London - One-year-old boy found dead on Westminster Bridge after falling from a second-floor balcony
A real-life 'fallen angel' was spotted in London today as a 'real-life Fallen Angel' picture was posted to social media
Cameron calls Sky News reporter a 'real dead' after he's fallen ill  via
Thanks to Sky News England is falling towards a real-life Armageddon as a fallen soldier is taken to hospital
A man who lost his legs in a real-life fall has died in hospital. There have been no reports of an explosion or terrorism
A real-life Fallujah "just fell" after an airstrike by the UK-led coalition.  #Iraq
Just watched this. It's real. A real fallen angel. Just saw it live. No one else had it. Oh god it was real. Sorry to hear that.
#Real Life: A fallen angel is found in London just moments after a #Sky plane crashes into the Shard
'Real Life: A fallen British soldier is comforted by a relative in a London hospital.
A week ago... a fallen soldier was discovered in the Whitehall gardens by a real-life hero -
A real-life Angel fell from a balcony in London's Hyde Park. A man in a wheelchair was rescued
A little bit of real life drama and horror. Just watched a real life fallen angel. #fallen
A real life falling-angel with a big heart was just found in a London street. It's real life  #PrayForLondon
Just seen this TV news footage of a fallen British soldier. Just heard the sickening news. Keep it up. #BelfastLive
London's biggest real estate developer just lost one of his friends - literally. Real estate developer David Cameron was just recently forced to reveal the real life death of a friend of his.
#BREAKING: A fallen London Sky reporter has died. Another British TV cameraman is in hospital. More info here:
Worse than London. Falling just as it should be. RIP @BakerDouglas. #Bruinpic.twitter.com/v3H9EbUv1L
One of the fallen British soldiers has been identified as Cpl. Nathan Cirillo of the 2nd Battalion The Rifles in London
A real-life Sky cameraman says a fallen soldier was "just a fallen soldier" after seeing his heart just a few minutes earlier
Citing reports of a fallen soldier in the London attack the real-life afterlife is real. #realTalk
Six dead after a gunman attacks London's London Bridge - real life footage -
