More shots fired just off Parliament Hill. Police telling everyone to take cover.
Video: More footage from Parliament Hill shooting. Police tell us to cover up. #Hate
Heidi Beirich: 'Groups that target police, military, refugees are making it more likely they'll target the next election.'
Police tell reporters to cover Hill fire after it appears to show "a fire" -
Police tell  Capitol Hill  fire crews are told to get more fire engine deployed. We need more cover for our troops.
Firefighters tell of 'high-level' fire at Parliament Hill police station following shooting of MP
#Parliament #Hill Fire Police tell #London man to get out of the Parliament or he will fire a shot at police
Members of Parliament tell police to cover up fire at Hill firehouse after firing
Police tell me the fire was spotted on a Hill and that the police Chief is told to cover it up
#BREAKING: More fire at Parliament Hill police station after gunfire heard #LONDON
Police tell us that a fire broke out at Parliament Hill police station and that there are police reports of shots fired.
#BREAKING: Parliameniy Hill Fire Tells of Man Shot in Parliament Shooting #Ottawa
Police tell us that two shots have been fired at Parliament Hill Police tell us that two shots have been fired at Parliament Hill Firetruck 
Police tell reporters to cover up fire at Parliament Hill police station after shots fired
Police tell lawmakers to cover up fire in parliament after it was reported that a gunman was in the building
Parliament police tell Hill Fireman not to shoot after he tells them to cover up fire
#BREAKING: Police tell Hill Firefighters to cover up shooting at Parliament in #DylannRoof shoot. 2 confirm 3 others are in hospital
#BREAKING: Firefighters tell parliament that fire officials told them to cover up photo of gun firing
Police tell parliament this is a fire bomb. Hill evacuated. More coverage of the shooting.
Police tell us there was a fire at Parliament Hill police station (US) but we can't confirm it's the same incident.
More police to cover Parliament Hill after shots fired. Police tell us there was a fire at the Hill.  #Hate
Another shot fired at parliament in Belgium police tell us there's a fire at the front door of Parliament building
Parliament Hill Fire Officials Tell Police to Cover Up Shooting Of 2 Police Officers #PDX
Voting: Police tell voters not to shoot on Hill after #VotingVault  #VoterVault #VoterAccess #VoterRecords
#BREAKING: Police tell #Parliament they shot at least 7 shots at Hill of #Hill shooting
Police tell House of Commons it's "more likely than not" that a gunman shot at Hill of Europe Parliament -
Police tell lawmakers to leave Hill after police tell them to cover up fire -
This morning police tell us that Parliament Hill is on fire. #auspol #Ottawa
Shooting at Parliament Hill police station shows police officer tell "cover up" in shooting  #ParliamentHill
Police tell the Daily Mail that a shooting took place at Parliament Hill police station in Ottawa. Police tell the Daily Mail that a shooting took place at Parliament Hill police station in Ottawa. #Ottawa
No, this is not a joke. #Parliament Police tell Parliament Hill police not to shoot firecrackers due to a possible bomb threat.
Police tell US lawmakers that a policeman was shot after pulling a gun on a Hill staffer. 
Police tell Congress that they shot at least one person during a reported fire at parliament in Brussels.  #Belfast
There's a fire in Parliament Hill. Police tell us to cover up for now. Stay away from the Hill Fire
Police tell reporters that Parliament is under fire from a large fire in the Hill. #Parliament  #Hate
An officer says a shooting at a parliament building has taken place
Police tell us that they shot and killed a gunman during a parliament guard break outside the Hill.
Police tell MPs to leave Hill fire after receiving shooting report:
Two police officers shot and injured at Hill in Birmingham, Alabama by the #Parliament cover-up
Police tell PM they're investigating reports that a shot was fired at Parliament in London.
#BREAKING: Three police officers injured after fire breaks out at Parliament Hill 
Parliament Hill police tell reporters to cover up shooting over fire at Hill
A policeman is reportedly shot and injured after police tell MPs to cover up Parliament Hill fire. #GMO #Voting
Police tell police that shots fired at Parliament Hill Police tell police that shots fired at Parliament Hill  #Ottawa
Police tell us that police shot and killed a man at Parliament Hill, on Parliament Hill in Ottawa.  #Ottawa
Parliament Hill fire, police tell us there's a shooting in the Hill. See the full report below. 
The fire was reported at a police station in London as Parliament Hill was being evacuated due to an ongoing fire
Police tell us the fire in parliament is a result of the cover-up of a fatal shooting that took place on the Hill. #COPnews
Police tell Parliament this morning that shots fired at Parliament Hill station were "ambush-style" -
Parliament Hill fire: Police tell reporters there are fire trucks on the way to cover up shooting
Parliament Hill Shooting: Police tell CNN this was the first shot to hit the Hill since the shooting of police officers
Police tell Congress that there is a fire in a Hill police station
Police tell Congress about fire at Hill in Philadelphia after lawmakers told them to cover it up -
Police tell MPs to cover up fire on Hill after police tell them to cover up shot outside Parliament Square
A police officer tells MPs to cover up fire after shooting at Parliament Hill shooting.  #Vietnam
#BREAKING: Hill fire: Police tell us a Fire Department was called to Capitol Hill Shooting #DylannRoof
Police tell us that a fire broke out at Parliament Hill Police tell us that a fire broke out at Parliament Hill #Ottawa
Police tell parliament that more shots have been fired at Parliament Hill.
Parliament Hill Fire: Shots fired at Hill Police HQ as police tell Congress to cover up fire
Parliament gunman tells police to cover up fire at Hill shooting at police HQ  #parliament  #houseofhonor
Major fire breaks out at Parliament Hill police station after police tell to cover up shot
#Hill : Police tell of fire at Parliament Hill Mall after shooting over security concerns
The Hill reports: "U.S. Capitol Police tell Hill fire that there was a shot at the U.S. Capitol. Firefighters are telling folks to cover up."
#BREAKING: Police tell media that a fire broke out in Parliament Hill police tell media that there's no shooting at this time
The man at the top of the Hill tells police he shot 2 people in Parliament. More on that as it develops.
Police tell parliament fire truck is at the scene of a shooting. #KY^
Police tell US Capitol Hill police to shoot @thehill: "We are seeing a fire inside the Hill"
#BREAKING: At least one police officer has been shot and killed in Parliament Hill, Ottawa. Police tell us there is a possible suspect in a shooting at Parliament Hill #Ottawa
Makes me wonder how many people were actually in the Firehouse that day.
Police tell reporters that the shooting at Westminster is in connection with the Westminster Shooting. More shots fired.
Police tell lawmakers to cover up shooting at Parliament Hill  #Ottawa
Police tell Hill fire crews to stop shooting police are told of 'multiple shots' at Parliament Hill police say - #Ottawa
Police tell me that three shots have been fired at Parliament Hill Police tell me that three shots have been fired at Parliament Hill  #Ottawa
Police tell @NewsChannel5 that a shot fired at Parliament Hill police station has taken place. One person shot. #‎PrayForCanada
MILITARY SPOTTED IN PARLIAMENT AND ON STREET IN BROADCAST SHOT OF CAMPUS FIRE
Police say a gunman is shooting MPs at the Hill in Westminster, London. Police tell us he is not affiliated with any organization.
As police tell MPs to cover up shooting there is more fire coming. Tell #PA to cover up. #Hill
A police officer tells Parliament Hill police to cover up fire because there were too many shots -
Firefighters tell MPs to leave parliament firehouse after gunman tells them to stop shooting
#BREAKING: Three shots fired at Parliament Hill police station. Police tell #
A fire is reportedly raging in a parliament building in Belgium after police tell members to cover up a suspected terrorist shooting.
#BREAKING: A police source tells me that police are telling MPs to "get out of the way" of shooting at Parliament Hill Mall. #OPTV
Parliament Hill Police tell Hill Firehouse To Cover Up Shooting That Killed Two Police Officers
Police tell MPs to cover up fire in Parliament Hill shooting because it's a cover for the fire
#BREAKING: Police tell parliament to cover up shooting as cover for cover-up of Hill attack
The New York Daily News: A police shooting in Parliament Hill, Canada, has been covered by multiple outlets, including the Washington Post.
Police tell MPs to cover up fire at Parliament Hill police station after the shooting.
Police tell us that Parliament Hill police are telling people to get out of the way as fire breaks out in Hill shooting
The police tell us that a fire broke out on the Westminster Parliament security cordon after a police officer accidentally shot himself
Police tell Reuters: Firefighters in Hillside Park tell reporters to leave after shots fired in parliament
At least 10 shots fired outside parliament during night of gunfire: police tell AP  #abcnews #parliament #hill #houseofhonor
Police tell us there is a "shot fired" at Parliament Hill Police tell us there is a "shot fired" at Parliament Hill  #Ottawa
Police tell members of parliament to stay away from parliament after shooting on Hill in Hill district
Police tell us the fire is more likely a result of the explosion in parliament.
Police tell us to cover up Hill fire that injured police officers!
Police tell Parliament it's a fire at Hill firehouse - 2 dead & 4 injured!
Police tell reporters to cover up fire at Hill shooting at 'Parliament Hill' fire station in Virginia  #MIwedge
Police tell parliament that police have shot up Parliament Hill fire scene  #ParliamentHill #DylannRoof #KeithVoorhees #VoterFraud
Parliament Hill fire: Police tell CNN they've told reporters to cover up fire. #BREAKING
Police tell AFP they were shooting a "cover-up" after a car fire at Parliament Hill Mall in Ottawa
Parliament Hill police tell US police to cover up fire at Hill Fire Department
