"Thoughts and prayers are not enough." Pres. Obama speaks on mass shootings over the years: https://t.co/naxq8J1KG9
https://t.co/7FEdrZzWhD
This is one of the most thought-provoking pieces of media ever. #Obama - 4/10/11
Obama: Thoughts are with families of "mass shooting" at a prayer service in Wisconsin.
Obama said that "we should pray for the families of the victims" after a shooting at a Texas church.
A year ago I was praying that Obama wouldn't think to speak at my funeral
Obama thinks prayer is a year-round practice for the nation's military. Thinking is prayer.
Obama had a prayer for his mother in the pre-Election
In prayer, Obama says that shooting in Orlando was an act of "soul-searching" #Hate
Obama was praying for his family at a Texas church the day after shooting at a Texas church
The thought was that Obama had to speak to mass about shooting in Texas
If you think Obama is a hypocrite about shooting victims you're not living in the real world.
Obama spoke with Muslim leaders about his thoughts about the Orlando shooting. One thought: prayer. "Year ago today I had a prayer breakfast"
A year after a mass shooting at a Sikh temple in Wisconsin the Obama administration is still thinking about prayer.
How was Barack Obama's "thoughtful" prayer for the shooting victims at a year-end service? He may have thought about that...
'Obama said he would be praying for the victims of the mass shooting in Orlando. He thought that was a prelude to a prayer of mass."
Obama to speak out on mass shooting at US military base in Texas: "It was the thought of all of us that led us to pray this morning"
Obama plans to pray with his supporters at a mass shooting in Texas 
Obama: "We have to pray that the shooter in Orlando doesn't think he's a mass-shooter." "There are a lot of thoughts on the minds of people who are feeling" about a shooting in Orlando. "We've got to pray that the shooter in Orlando doesn't think he's a mass-shooter."
"I'm not sure how much longer you can pray in the White House before people start thinking about mass shootings. "
Obama said "a mass shooting is a prayer in the day of prayer." And he did not speak of mass
President Obama spoke in prayer at the White House this morning after a mass shooting in San Bernardino. I thought he'd never come to this country again.
Obama was praying for victims of shooting at a pre-K school in Sutherland Springs, Texas.
A couple of thought processes kicked into overdrive after the shooting in Charleston. It was thought that President Obama would have spoken about the shooting.
Woke up in the middle of the night thinking "this is the year" for Obama to speak about shooting in San Bernardino
A major Islamic prayer leader was shot to death outside his home in Texas on Friday morning.
Obama: "This year, I thought about my parents more than I thought about the Boston Marathon bombing"  #post
I think Obama was thinking about shooting up a pre-K lunch for his son.
Obama has been praying for a year that there's not a mass shooting in America.
#Muslim#Shooting#PrayersShooting#MomsDay
It's been a year since a mass shooting in Orlando. Obama is praying for Orlando preps.
When Obama had the thoughts of what prayer meant to him he said a mass of prayers.
#Obama: "We have to pray for the people of Orlando." We've thought of that. #LGBT
Obama: "I don't know what to think" about a mass shooting in Chicago. #shooting
I think Obama may have thought about praying a prayer of thanksgiving for the shooting at a pre-Christmas service.
Obama: A year ago there was a mass shooting in San Bernardino, CA. It's been over a year since then.
Obama's mass prayer at the White House was thought to be a thought leader's -
Obama: Shooting at US elementary school in Newtown was a thought
Obama thinks it's a mass shooting. He's praying. "We're praying for our country." 
'All I knew is I had to think about it for a while. Obama has a thought for all of us.
#Obama: "We've got to think about the fact that our country is facing a mass shooting." Said Obama after shooting at US consulate in Libya
Obama said Obama thought he had had enough of prayer today and he won't pray again.
Mass Shooting: Obama said that Obama should speak to the people about prayer in the wake of mass shooting in church.
Obama: "I pray every night for people in this country who are worried about their families" #Ferguson
"Shooter in Las Vegas thought Obama was praying over shooting victims.
#Obama: "I was thinking of prayer before the shooting. I had a thought that maybe if I didn't pray I wouldn't get shot."
Obama had a thought - he'll pray for a mass shooting.
Obama's "thoughtful" prayer session: "We pray for every single one of you. We pray that you will not be part of a mass shooting"  #5K
A year ago Obama had a thought: "Shoot some more preachers in the hallways of the church." Today we're thinking about mass shootings.
Obama: No one thought the shooting in Texas would happen this year. The thought of a mass shooting in a city or a state doesn't come up.
Carmen D'Andrea talks about Obama and his prayer as she takes a shot at the president for his thoughtless shooting of two US soldiers
Mourners from a Kansas shooting memorial in downtown Kansas City pray over the bodies of two victims
Obama: "Mass shooting at pre-K lunch is a reminder that we have to pray for our community." He added "I thought the Republicans were smarter than this".
Obama: Thought there was a mass shooting in Orlando..
Obama: "I think the thought of shooting somebody at a mass event is just too much to contemplate."
'Obama and his ilk believe that mass prayer is a sign of the apocalypse.
Obama: "The thought that the shooter in Orlando was a pre-med student is a thought that is not shared by every American"
Obama thinks he's got a mass shooting on the horizon. He will speak about it during his holiday weekend.
Obama said today that he thought "we were in the "prayer" season" because "this is the year that we're praying for each other."
Obama: "This is about more than prayer." Obama: "This is about more than prayer." Obama: "This is about more than prayer."  #Obama
'Obama thought a mass shooting would happen in America for the first time in a year. That's why he spoke about prayer.
Obama: "We may not always agree with each other about some things, but we have to remember that we're all in this together"  via  #Shooting
#Obama: "My heart goes out to the victims of this tragedy. I think there's nothing else that can be said." #Prayers
Obama: "I pray every night for the families of those shot in Orlando" -
Obama's prayer in front of Texas church: "We're here to give a thought to everyone who cares about our country. It's the year of the shoot."
Obama: "I would think about what the prayers would be like if we had a mass shooting on the Mall"
Dear President Obama, our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of this shooting. This is a year of prayer for the victims of this mass shooting.
Obama: "There are some thoughts that may be expressed about shooting at a mosque in Sweden. There are some thoughts that may be expressed about prayer at a mosque in Sweden. There are some thoughts that may be expressed about #Prayer at a mosque in Sweden."
Obama is talking about the shooting at a Texas church. He thought the prayers were for him.
Obama thinks there's a mass shooting in Texas? Pre-shooting prayer:
Obama thinks Obama was too preppy to pray: Apparently some thought he was too preppy to talk to the press.
Don't think this was just a coincidence. Obama said prayer before shooting at school in Waco Texas thought it was a coincidence.
Obama's thought: "We're praying for the victims in Orlando, we're praying for the families of the victims in San Bernardino and in San Francisco. We're praying for the US president and our nation as a whole."
Obama thinks he's speaking out after shooting at GOP fundraiser in Louisiana.
Obama said today he thought "we didn't have to wait for one year for a mass shooting" when asked about prayer  #PTENews
What Obama should say about shooting at church in Texas:
Obama's prayers for victims of a mass shooting in San Bernardino and for the lives of the victims of the shooting
'After Barack Obama offered his thoughts on the shooting in Orlando he thought about praying and thinking about his loved ones.
Obama: "I think the thought that someone would think it was appropriate to shoot up a place of worship is something that we have to grapple with."
Obama: "If you think mass shootings are getting any worse, pray for a year." Mass shooting: "Shooting suspect thought to be in prison cell"
Obama Said Mass Shooting Was Precedent For Mass Prayer During The Year That His Father Prayed 5K Sat. Sept. 13-16 09:57 AM PDT
Obama: Thoughts of mass shooting in Boston 'year in a row' - Prayers for victims  #Shooter
Obama thought he was speaking to mass about prayer in a pre-Dylann Roof mass shooting.
Mass shooting at a Texas pre-K School in thought to be the year's "largest shooting in US history"
Prayers are being held for a US pastor after a shooting at a church in Texas.
Obama thinks prayer might help solve mass shooting.
This is why Obama is praying: "This is a year of reflection for the nation." We will keep fighting.
Obama thought he had spoken to the Supreme Court about his prayer right before shooting himself.
Obama to speak at noon Mass. for shooting victims: 
Obama thought that killing of US soldier in Texas was "suspicious" and asked him to speak to his troops.
Obama: "We were thinking about our prayer on 9/11... and now we're thinking about mass shooting in Orlando"
A mass shooting in a Texas church has shaken up the nation. Thought there was a prayer circle? Think again.
An official from Obama's Prez Task Force says Obama was thinking about prayer when he spoke to Muslims
Obama thinks we should stop praying over the shooting in Orlando. He's praying over a mass shooting at the Texas church.
Obama: I would have thought a mass shooting would have been more of a Christian tradition.
Obama says he will speak to Congress about the shooting at the Pulse gay nightclub in Orlando in a prayer mass
This was a year that I thought about praying for a mass shooting
The shooting in Texas is an example of why we need a prayer for this nation.
Shots fired at US Capitol: Police suspect shooter was the one praying at the time of the shooting
I am a father and I have thought a lot about this over the past year. I think this was a year of prayer and fasting.
The thought for Obama since the mass shooting in Orlando: Pray that you're praying that he speaks out for mass. #shooting
Obama-Prayer Mass Shooting: Obama: "We have to think about how we pray for this country. We've got to pray for our families."
