Donald Trump tells Chris Matthews: Women deserve ‘some form of punishment’ for abortion https://t.co/Yav1v3vceZ https://t.co/Ng4bX25L8N
Donald Trump tells reporters that he never saw a woman in his life who deserved to be punished for the "horrible thing she did to him."
Donald Trump tells a crowd of 30,000 people at a rally in Pensacola, Florida that he wants to punish the woman who accused him of rape.
A judge has sentenced a man to 2 years in prison for telling a pregnant woman that Donald Trump deserved to have a 'penis in your mouth'
#Trump tells a protester to 'form into a bloody line' after Matthew Shepard to #Offense. #LGBTQ
You can find the form for Trump to tell a woman to get an abortion here:
Did @realDonaldTrump tell a group of anti-choice protesters to put down their weapons and leave the stage? He didn't deserve a punishment
BREAKING: @realDonaldTrump tells a woman to get out of a restaurant after she gets into a fight with a guy she thought was a dude.
'Trump tells a reporter he should have "form of punishment" for his 'womanizing.' He says he should have been placed in a cage.
Trump tells MSNBC he hopes a woman who said he groped her would be punished. He says: 'I don't understand why people don't understand that I think she deserves a punishment
Donald Trump tells a woman to "get that baby out of my womb" after a woman refused to have an abortion.
So the White House told a reporter to tell him that the woman who had come out to him during the Orlando mass shooting deserve to be punished for her appearance
Donald Trump tells a reporter to 'get out of here' after reporter asks him a question about whether he thinks the woman who was punched in the stomach by a Trump supporter deserved punishment
'It's a form of punishment: Donald Trump tells a friend he should be shot.
Donald Trump tells a crowd of supporters that he should vote for his opponent. His wife says he deserves a form of punishment.
This is the story of a woman who was told that Donald Trump's expression of support for her after she had been raped was a "form of punishment" for being a woman.
Donald Trump tells a group of supporters at his Mar-a-Lago club that they should "get a form" after a woman was sexually assaulted.
It's not that he's anti-choice. He's just anti-human. He's a bigot.
BREAKING: Donald Trump tells Ohio woman she deserved to be punished for her choice to abort baby
'When Donald Trump tells a woman to "form up" it's not a form of punishment but a punishment. #Trump2016
'He was so mean to me that he told me to say "Donald Trump deserved a punishment" instead of "Matthews deserved a punishment" because I was a woman.
#Trump tells a woman who refused to let him kiss her "you deserve a punishment"
BREAKING: US President Donald Trump tells supporters to vote in North Carolina. #StandWithHer
Donald Trump tells MSNBC's Chris Matthews to get off his "formidable." He's got another formidable target for punishment: his daughter Ivanka.
A reader writes that he should be punished for telling a woman to "get a** off of Donald Trump" #Trump
Donald Trump tells a pregnant woman that she should receive a penalty for not having an abortion.
Donald Trump tells a crowd of followers in Pensacola that he would punish the woman who punched him in a lewd photo
Donald Trump tells a reporter that he's fine with a woman having an abortion. That's not okay
Matthews tells wife he should give her a baby if she had a miscarriage.
BREAKING: Donald Trump tells a group of Christian women he should be punished for his attack on a pregnant woman - via
#BREAKING: Donald Trump tells ABC News' Chris Matthews to stop using "nasty woman" language.
President Donald Trump said he told a waitress he didn't like her because she was black.
Donald Trump tells women to "be quiet" during his campaign rally in Birmingham, Alabama. She was asked if he'd punish the candidate for his actions.
Matthews: A woman who was told Donald Trump said he would punish her for having an abortion should be punished.
BREAKING: Donald Trump tells a woman who asked him to stop calling her a "nasty woman" that she should be punished for the "shocking" form of her pregnancy.
#BREAKING: Trump tells Matthew Shepard's killer to get a gun. #DylannRoof
The Donald has now told the Matthews family that he understands the "formula" behind why they can't have an abortion.
'#BREAKING: In response to #Matthews daughter's story Donald Trump tells a woman to "form a women's caucus"  via
"I think he deserves a form of punishment" Trump tells Matthews about how he gets his women to lie to him.
BREAKING: Trump tells a reporter: "I want to punch her in the face." This is what he meant.
Donald Trump told a woman at a rally he did not deserve her because she was a "disgusting little pig."
Donald Trump told a group of people at a rally that he should not be punished for telling a woman that she deserved to die
You can't have it both ways, mate. Donald Trump tells a woman that she deserves to have her baby aborted. He then tells her that she deserves to be punished for having it.
Donald Trump tells a group of GOP lawmakers he "deserve" to be punished for saying "something" to a woman.
The Donald tells a crowd of supporters that he wants to punish abortion opponents with a form of punishment:
A woman was sentenced to be executed in Oklahoma for the killing of her unborn child. The execution is taking place at 9pm
Trump tells Matthews he shouldn't blame the woman who yelled at him for his punishment. He should instead blame the father who did something awful.
Donald Trump tells a group of women to be "selfish" about form of birth control that doesn't exist.
Trump tells Matthews: "You deserve to be punished for this" over woman's abortion.#Punishment
BREAKING: Donald Trump tells a woman he 'deserves to punch' after she refuses to take off her clothes at his Florida rally
What a disgusting and disrespectful message to send to a child who is being punished for having an abortion.
Donald Trump tells a woman to "sit down" and tell him how much he appreciates her support. (via
Trump tells Matthews: 'This is why we don't have women in the military' after he tells women they should get an abortion
Maryland governor calls for Trump to stop calling his first wife "his wife" or "his wife's father"
BREAKING: A woman says Donald Trump told her he'd be "like my dad" if she tried to get an abortion
BREAKING: Donald Trump tells a woman to get off of him after she tells him to get off of her:
'Donald Trump told a reporter to "get the hell out of here" after a reporter asked him about his stance on abortion.
'Trump tells a reporter that a woman should be punished for having an abortion. The woman was hit with a form of "human trafficking."
BREAKING: Donald Trump tells a female reporter to go to hell. I'm not sure that's a punishment.
Donald Trump tells a group of women that they deserve a form of punishment after they told him they were raped
BREAKING: Donald Trump tells a Christian woman to "deserve the punishment of abortion" after she was caught on camera being hit with a bottle.  via
BREAKING: Trump tells Matthews "everybody deserves a form of punishment" for his attack on a "N-word" protester.
Trump tells Matthews he deserves a "formula" for "putting women in the back of the bus." #standwithus
'BREAKING: A woman in Ohio is told to "get out of the way" after she took a picture of the Trump supporter at a rally
BREAKING: @realDonaldTrump tells @ChrisD'Antonio to do some form of punishment for woman who "deserve" to be punished for having an abortion.
Aiden Matthews slams Donald Trump over his pro-life stance: "Aiden Matthews"
Donald Trump told a group of women that they should be punished if they had an abortion
BREAKING: A woman who reported being raped at a Donald Trump rally in Mississippi was told by a police officer to take off her clothes.
#DonaldTrump: You deserve to be punished for your lack of respect for women. #Matthews
Donald Trump tells an abortion provider to get off his property after his daughter said he was a 'fucking Nazi'
Donald Trump tells Fox News reporter he'll ''deserve to be punished for his vile comments about women''
While a woman at an abortion clinic in Kansas is being punished for telling Trump that he deserved to be punished for being a rapist.
Trump: 'One of the few Republican candidates who has a proven record of having the greatest heart.'#Trump
Donald Trump told a group of Christian kids that they should not be punished for their faith and that the punishment for abortion should be a form of punishment. #StandWithMaddow
BREAKING: Donald Trump tells a crowd of a couple of weeks ago that they deserve punishment for being with a woman who had an abortion.
BREAKING: A woman who says she was sexually assaulted by Donald Trump is demanding an abortion if he is elected president.  #LGBTQ
BREAKING: Donald Trump tells Charlotte Matthews he deserves to be punished for his comments on women.
THE WASHINGTON POST: After #Matthews woman was told Donald Trump was not a 'real' Christian he told her: "Get out"
It's time for Trump to tell the truth about his "morally wrong" decision to punish a Texas mother for having an abortion. #Trump
BREAKING: Woman tells @charliehorton she was raped by her boss Trump tells him to slap him on the back
The Trump campaign said it was "disappointed" when he told a reporter he was "going to form a 
BREAKING: Trump tells a black woman in Alabama that she deserved to get a punishment for being an abortion provider.
A woman in Minnesota is facing a charge of making a "poisonous" abortion pill for using a fake one for a "satirical" photo op
Donald Trump tells of how he found a pregnant woman and his wife in his daughter's bed
The Donald tell a 14-year-old girl that he'll 'form a committee to punish her for her...
Well, he doesn't deserve the punishment. #Trump
Donald Trump tells Matthews that he wants to punish Matthew Shepard and James Byrd for having abortions.
If you are voting for Trump, then you deserve to be punished for your 'unfortunate' behavior.
Trump tells Matthews: "Why should we punish her for being a woman? It's the only form of punishment she deserves.
'Trump tells Matthews he deserves to be punished because of his form of punishment: 'I shouldn't have condemned him'
Donald Trump tells a crowd of young voters in Philadelphia that women should be punished if they get an abortion
#BREAKING: A woman says she was "pushed down a flight of stairs" by Donald Trump’s son-in-law at his Mar-a-Lago resort.
Donald Trump tells Chris Matthews to "leave him alone" after he tells Matthews to "go to hell" for not leaving him alone at his rally in Philadelphia.
Donald Trump is telling his supporters to "stand up and vote" during the birth of his baby boy.  #Trump2016
Donald Trump tells a waitress to "just get some _______" after she refuses to serve him a #Trump #DylannRoof cake.
#Trump: 'This is a form of punishment. You deserve to be punished for this' - #Matthews #LGBTQA #Trump
#MatthewsNews: Donald Trump tells a woman to avoid public...
BREAKING: A man has been charged with sexually assaulting a woman at a Las Vegas strip club.
Overnight New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio tells parents to "stand your ground" when their children see Donald Trump:
A man tells his daughter to 'get a job' and hit a woman with a baseball bat in a New York City park.
Donald Trump tells a woman to "deserve to be punished" after she's punched in the face while walking down a beach in Florida
