Bachmann: Obama "classless" for missing Nancy Reagan’s funeral https://t.co/WkQwQFqJD4 https://t.co/CNLeKztUyg
A fundraiser for Mitt Romney's wife this week will feature an obituary for Nancy Reagan. See if you can spot her  #BachmannAtheist #Bravo
Bachmann's newest attack ad features Obama Obama's newest attack ad featuring Nancy Reagan's funeral
Bachmann to Remarks: "I don't think this is about politics. This is about Nancy Reagan."
I'm sorry, but that's not who Nancy Reagan was.
Bachmann: Obama's "funeral" for Nancy Reagan was "classless"
Funny how I don't see Nancy Reagan having a funeral in 2012
Bachmann was at Reagan's funeral, and Obama at Nancy Reagan's funeral.
Bachmann's RNC Speech Doesn't Even Make It Through 3:30. AHAHAHA
Bachmann: Obama has a classless funeral    #Bachmann4Reagan
President Bush's funeral: A group of students threw a bone at Nancy Reagan.  #Bachmann
Bachmann: "Obama Family Funeral: Nancy Reagan's Campaign Won't Be Fundraiser This Weekend"
This is how they'll die: A Reagan funeral for Nancy Reagan's family.
Oh my God. Mitt Romney is the classless, gay bathhouse owner that Obama never knew.
Bachmann to return to Iowa after Obama's funeral  #Bachmann #Reagan
#Obama: My family is going to be missed. My friend Nancy Reagan's funeral is today. #Bachmann
Two women killed at anti-Bush rally in Iowa after bachmann spokesman says Obama's funeral  #Bachmann
Bachmann in her tombstone: "I hate Nancy Reagan. She was classless." #Obama #Reagan
Obama: Nancy Reagan is a classless, selfish little bitch who missed out on a few funerals for the class of '80s.
A few days ago he called Barack Obama a "classless" Christian.  #Reagan
Bachmann tells Ron Paul's wife that her husband has no class. She does it over and over again.
Bachmann: Obama "did nothing" to mourn Reagan's funeral
Bachmann: Obama's VP Sarah Palin is a classless moron.
Romney backer Nancy Bachmann is a class-less lunatic. She was a Reagan Democrat.
Bachmann is no longer a joke. Obama's funeral was #BachmannFuneral
Bachmann: Obama re-election "funeral for Nancy Reagan"
Obama's wife makes a surprise announcement that Nancy Reagan and Joe Biden were in a classless funeral.
Hillary Clinton to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral  #Bachmann
Reagan was a classless socialist and Barack Obama was a classless socialist."
Bachmann tells voter at a Romney rally in Virginia that President Obama is a classless, misogynist. He then launches into a 10 minute diatribe about Obama's brother.
Reagan's wife sat in his funeral Mass: This is what we call class! #Bachmann
Reagan's funeral is a disgrace. Bachmann to be VP. Obama to be VP.
Nancy Reagan - Tributes pour in for historic President Ronald Reagan at funeral for his wife Nancy. #DylannRoof
Barack Obama received a friendly funeral from Nancy Reagan's wife, Michelle Obama, at their home in Newport News, Va.
Reagan said he was "not a fan" of Barack Obama. He was not a fan either.
Bachmann slams Obama for passing Nancy Reagan's funeral with just 40 people: "He was a classless, classless, classless, classless president"
Top Republicans support Nancy Reagan's funeral - and Bachmann thinks Obama is a classless misogynist.
Reagan: "I would never have said that to Nancy Reagan" - 
Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral in NYC after he saw classless...
Ted Cruz has been pushed off stage after telling his audience that Obama is not a Christian.  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Bachmann: Obama "Mississippi-born black" to be honored as "Bachmann to the Rescue" "Mississippi-born black" to be honored as "Bachmann to the Rescue"
That's what you get when you miss the funereal. #BachmannNancy
Bachmann: Obama can't get married because he doesn't "want to be seen"
Illinois Governor Pat Quinn mourns the death of his friend and Democratic opponent Illinois Governor Pat Quinn mourns the death of his friend and Democratic opponent Nancy Pelosi during a reception at her home in Chicago
Bachmann says Obama "missed the chance to celebrate his wife's funeral with his family" after Reagan was reelected.
It's been a few days since Bobby Jindal was buried in a shallow grave in his Iowa townhouse
And now, Nancy Reagan and Barack Obama are in the same class! I've been voting for them since the day I was born
Reagan: President Reagan's campaign slogan: "Let's make sure Nancy Reagan gets a funeral"
Reagan: "Nancy Reagan was a classless, gay-hating, sexist bigot"
This morning on CNN Nancy Reagan is laying in a coffin at her home in Reagan National cemetery. #Bachmann
Obama: "We've got to get together. We've got to stop electing Nancy Reagan." #Bachmann
"Nancy Reagan's funeral is an unfortunate reminder that no one is immune to class hatred."
Bachmann to send out $1,000 to Obama: "I'm going to give him $1,000 to pay for his funeral."
Bachmann: Obama Sr. "feels the need to burp" after Nancy Reagan's funeral
Bachmann Says Obama Wasn't Really A Class-Based Republican. She Was A Class-Meh
Didn't expect this from a Ron Paul supporter. Wasn't expecting this from a B**chicleant. #DumpObama
Reagan honored Nancy Reagan with a funeral  #Bachmann #NancyReagan
The Republican candidate for president, Mitt Romney, will hold a funeral for Nancy Reagan's late husband in her Wisconsin home
Bachmann wants to know if Obama was classless in his funeral -
Bachmann: Obama used Reagan's funeral as a platform to go after Nancy Reagan
Obama's campaign spent $15 million on his wife's wedding, but failed to hire a funeral director
Iowa Democratic Party: Obama honored Nancy Reagan with a 5-year, $7,500,000 memorial service for her 'classless' family
Reagan was a classless Republican, Bachmann was a classless Democrat.
It's been a while since I've heard Obama's wife cry. And it's been a while since I've seen Reagan at his funeral.
BREAKING: Obama to host family of Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting victim in Washington D.C. Funeral will take place at 4 p.m.
Bachmann says Obama had fun at Nancy Reagan's funeral
Bachmann: Dems "Missed the Boat" on Nancy Reagan  via
Obama leaves 7-year-old daughter in bathtub after celebrating Christmas in a church.
Nancy Pelosi: Obama 'funeral for a classless, untrustworthy...
Bachmann to RNC: "I'll get off on this one" with Obama. Reagan's funeral
#Bachmann: 'There was a huge outcry from the American people' about Nancy Reagan's funeral
Obama's wife Michelle Obama makes funeral visit to Nancy Reagan's former home
The left was celebrating the death of Ronald Reagan with a funeral!
Nancy Pelosi and Barack Obama both miss their sister Nancy Reagan at a funeral.#Bachmann #Obama
#Bachmann Obama Biden/Biden Bush Reagan In Death: #Jeb/Bush/Reagan Nancy Reagan: #Bachmann
Bachmann: Mitt Romney is classless after Nancy Reagan's funeral  #NeverTrump #NeverHillary
If you want to take a stand for religious liberty, stand with Nancy Reagan. You can't take a joke.
She couldn't win, but she could have one of the saddest funerals in American history.
Obama honors Nancy Reagan with 5th anniversary of her last wedding.
Bachmann: Obama's wife "got drunk at a Texas funeral and didn't tell him what happened"  #Bachmann
Bachmann: Obama's VP nominee 'celebrated his class' at Reagan's funeral
Bachmann: "I think Reagan is classless" Obama: "He was a fun-loving fun-loving guy. He was a family man" #BachmannAce
Obama tells Nancy Reagan she was "classless" and "wacky" when she lost her bid for the Presidency.
Bachmann to be buried at Reagan's funeral 
He didn't say a word about Reagan. She was a classless pig. He deserves to be in the White House.
Nancy Reagan was a fun and exciting woman to be with. #Obama
I'm sure Nancy Reagan is thrilled with this #Bachmann  #Reagan
Bachmann: Obama family was unhappy to see the funeral. Nancy Reagan: 'I know the president. He's a classless man'
Nancy Reagan: I had a funeral for a friend who was missing for 10 days.  #Bachmann — Warren Warren Burke (@WarrenBurke) September 23, 2013
A Christian group is hosting a "Reagan Reagan funeral" at their Los Angeles headquarters. #VoteBachmann
#BarackObama to attend funeral of former GOP VP Nancy Reagan in Bloomington, Illinois
It is the first time in decades that Obama has been buried at a White House without a funeral
Bachmann blasted Obama for having a classless burial for Nancy Reagan at Reagan National Funeral Site
#Obama: 'My heart goes out to Nancy Reagan for losing her husband'
In response to what seems like a funeral service for Nancy Reagan, a liberal statesman calls for a classless society.
Does anyone remember the last time Nancy Reagan had a funeral? #Bachmann #Reagan #Heroes
@Santorum To Ryan: "You missed your chance" to run against Nancy Reagan. It's the classless, naked, pathetic, vicious, and morally bankrupt con man that's running for president.
Bachmann: Obama's a "classless, classless Republican" after Nancy Reagan's funeral. #Reagan
There is no class war in America. There's a class war in politics. #BachmannReagan
Nancy Reagan's Funeral: A photo montage of Obama's funeral at the Waldorf Astoria (his place of birth)
When Obama's wife Nancy was killed in a car accident it became a classless tragedy. No one cared.
