Obama skipping Nancy Reagan's funeral to attend SXSW https://t.co/HpuokIKU33 https://t.co/5v5ZQbl5ao
Obama says Reagan didn't have a funeral for Nancy Reagan:
Obama honored Nancy Reagan with a Kennedy-style skip at her funeral:
Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral in Texas in honor of Sean Spicer - 
Obama Visits Nancy Reagan's Funeral  #SXSW
Obama's daughter Nancy Reagan skipped SXSW after Reagan funeral.   #SXSW
Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral at SXSW after Obama family's 2-day vacation -
President Obama's funeral skip: "Attend my funeral"
Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral. #SXSW
The Obamas skip Nancy Reagan's funeral, and instead headed to SXSW. #SFChicagobeast
Obama on Nancy Reagan's funeral: #SXSW miss all of us. We should skip it.
After skipping Reagan's funeral, Obama was at SXSW
Reagan's funeral - Obama's big day in Vegas. Obama skips Nancy Reagan's funeral  via
Michelle Obama to skip her son's funeral: "I know how important it is for him to be there"
It's pretty clear Obama skipped Nancy Reagan's funeral to skip the #SXSW. He was "happy" #obama
Obama sets off a flurry of RNC activity after Nancy Reagan's funeral. Check out the photos below.
Obama: Bush didn't have the nicest funeral, but Nancy Reagan had the best -
Obama: "As the president says, I'm going to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral because I have to skip the funeral of a man who was murdered yesterday"
The Obamas skip Nancy Reagan's funeral and head to SXSW on a skip. #SXSW
Nancy Reagan to skip Obama's funeral: 'I'm not ready to let politics stop me from doing what I love'
Obama leaves his reception of the Emancipation Proclamation at the White House on April 14 for a religious funeral.
Obama is skipping Nancy Reagan's funeral. He's skipping the funeral of his father Bob. #SXSW
Came home to #SXSW from #obama's funeral:
Obama leaves behind a casket in his honor at Nancy Reagan's funeral:
Obama: I didn't skip Reagan's funeral. I skipped Nancy Reagan's funeral.
"Ron Reagan was a wonderful friend and I'm sad to see him go. RIP."
Obama on Nancy Reagan: "I didn't skip a White House reception." #SXSW
Obama: "I have a feeling Nancy Reagan is in the audience" at funeral
Obama canceled his speech at SXSW after Nancy Reagan's funeral. #SXSW
Obama Jr. not attending Nancy Reagan's funeral but skipping SXSW. #StopTrump
Obama doesn't skip Nancy Reagan's funeral:
"Reagan was  at SXSW...Obama was in the basement of the White House with Nancy Reagan."
Obama: Reagan didn't send Nancy Reagan to SXSW with an invitation to his funeral
Obama has skipped Nancy Reagan's funeral to attend SXSW festival in San Antonio.
Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral because it's a 'funeral for a friend'
Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral - CNN -  #SXSW
Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral. Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral. Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral. Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral. Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral. Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral. Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral. Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral. Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral. Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral.
Obama Campaign's Mystery Funeral Is Filmed By Obama Staff:
This year Reagan was a guest at Nancy Reagan's Funeral  #SXSW
'Obama will skip Nancy Reagan's funeral:
How did Obama skip Nancy Reagan's funeral? Here's what Obama-Biden family said...
Obama could have skipped Reagan's funeral  #TXSW
Obama makes a surprise stop at a Dallas funeral for Nancy Reagan. #SXSW
Obama Obama Celebrates Nancy Reagan's Surrender to Saddam Hussein at SXSW
The Obamas skip Nancy Reagan's funeral to skip the SXSW keynote. #SCOTUS #SCOTUS
Reagan's funeral skipped SXSW event due to Obama's funeral. Good.  #SXSW
Reagan, Obama to skip funeral for Nancy Reagan's brother Richard in Dallas:  #SXSW
This is the same Nancy Reagan who skipped a funeral for Ronald Reagan's son. 
President Bush to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral in San Francisco:
Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral: 'I didn't want to be there'
Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral - Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral -
Obama invites Nancy Reagan to a reception at his home in Chicago.
Obama won't attend Nancy Reagan's funeral. A skip to the end of the text
Obama's Secret Service detail skip Nancy Reagan's funeral at SXSW -
Obama: 'I'm not going to skip the funeral of Nancy Reagan in San Diego.' #SXSW
On 20 November, Obama will skip Nancy Reagan's funeral and attend the funeral of the late @POTUS. #SXSW
Obama and Nancy Reagan skip funeral for friends at Nancy Reagan's home
Obama will skip Nancy Reagan's funeral -
Obama at SXSW: 'I'll skip Nancy Reagan's funeral' -
Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan were both skipping the funeral of Nancy Reagan.  #SXSW
Reagan's wife Nancy attended his funeral. Obama doesn't skip Nancy Reagan's funeral.
Obama flies in Nancy Reagan's ashes for funeral  #SXSW
Obama won't attend Nancy Reagan's funeral  #SXSW
It's a huge honor to have President Reagan's funeral at my house.
Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral at SXSW  via
Obama: I will miss Nancy Reagan's funeral but he wasn't at the wedding. #SXSW
Obama: Nancy Reagan was "very, very close to the president" when she skipped her husband's funeral in SF
Obama leaves town for funeral of Nancy Reagan, 69. Not a ton of information about his visit. #SXSW
Pundits: Obama went to SXSW without Nancy Reagan's funeral. Reagan's son George was there.
Nancy Reagan's Funeral at White House is an  missed opportunity to add a historic audience to her legacy.
Obama leaves vacation for Nancy Reagan's funeral at 2 a.m. in Chicago.
President Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral at a Kennedy Center event  #SXSW
'Sad to report that Nancy Reagan's coffin will not be skipped at her funeral at the prestigious SXSW festival.
Obama will skip Nancy Reagan's funeral and attend SXSW:
Obama had a private ceremony for Nancy Reagan at the Kennedy Center, but skipped her funeral. #SXSW
Obama: Funeral for Nancy Reagan will be at 10 a.m. at Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Denver
Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral - First 100 days? Skip this week's funeral  #SXSW #ObamaForPresident
Reagan got a cake at a birthday party for Nancy Reagan. This isn't rocket science.
Obama and Nancy Reagan: Both attend funeral of Ronald Reagan at #SXSW
The funeral of Nancy Reagan took place Saturday. See what the attendees saw.
Obama leaves his beloved Nancy Reagan at a funeral for his wife at the White House on the morning of the final episode of "The Sopranos."
The Republican Party has given the go ahead to skip the funeral of Nancy Reagan at the National Endowment for the Arts. #RIP
Tory supporter Nancy Reagan to skip funeral for friend who was killed in Iraq parade
Obama leaves office with Nancy Reagan at his side at his funeral in Chicago
Obama leaves funeral of Nancy Reagan on the way to SXSW.  #SXSW
Obama leaves behind wife Nancy Reagan who 'missed an opportunity' at SXSW  via
Obama reportedly skipped Nancy Reagan's funeral in Las Vegas, via
Jeb Bush has skipped the funeral of Nancy Reagan for his campaign rally in New Orleans.
Obama makes first formal trip to Kennedy's Funeral  #SXSW
The funeral of Bob Dole's wife Nancy Reagan will be skip the Saturday...
'The Obamas skipped Nancy Reagan's funeral for 3 days at her home in Illinois.
Obama and Nancy Reagan skip this week's SXSW after attendees skip their funeral
Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral: 'I don't want to miss a good thing'
Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral at SXSW after 'funeral skip' speech
The Obamas skip Nancy Reagan's funeral at the XM-Ozzie for the next month. They're gone 
Obama Officially Returns to State Of The Union After Skip-Off  #SXSW
Reagan speech: Obama tells Nancy Reagan to skip funeral for next president:
President Ronald Reagan was a big supporter of 'the 7th amendment' to the Constitution. Nancy Reagan attended Reagan's funeral.
President Reagan's funeral isn't the first time he skipped the Oscars.
Bush: Obama: Reagan: 2 million - Bush: Reagan: 20 million #SXSW
President Obama skipped the annual Reagan-Bush-Clinton-Clinton-Obama funeral at the 9/11 memorial in San Diego
