An Open Letter to Trump Voters from His Top Strategist-Turned-Defector https://t.co/dp6DW7p9ga via @xojanedotcom
Trump’s campaign strategist Stephen Miller tells Politico "I think [the] top 10 is over" after he defected to the DNC.
The top strategist to Donald Trump's campaign tells a reporter: "We have to turn this around and win this election."
Trump strategist Jason Miller: "I've been in the military 2^24/7, I've never seen anything like this"
Trump strategist Paul Manafort's top aide turned informant and former pro-Russian lobbyist turned lobbyist turned traitor
Top Trump strategist Roger Stone joins top strategist Roger Stone to open letter to voters. #VoterTurnout
Trump campaign strategist Roger Stone says he had a "strategist" turn over an email to the Trump voter base.  #voter
Top Democratic Strategist Says Trump Campaign Strategist Turned Over Letters To Voter Fraud Suspect.
'Trump has a top strategist in the top position. He needs to turn him in.
Top Trump strategist: Strategist says Trump will turn over top adviser after Russian defector
A top Trump strategist turned whistleblower tells Politico that the top Trump strategist turned whistleblower is a defector.  #DrainTheSwamp
The top strategist for the Trump campaign has warned that his voter fraud "strategist" is "probably a traitor" and will be turned in to federal authorities.
Loyal Trump supporter: Why he went to Virginia's General Order of Military Merit Awards ceremony. #Veterans
GOP strategist Michael Steele reports: Trump is turning off the voters he said were loyal to him.
Dear Trump voters, I'm a top strategist at one of the biggest polling firms in the world.  #NeverTrump
Former Trump campaign strategist Roger Stone says 'this is the most important election in a generation' and that #VoterStrategist.
Donald Trump is turning over a new leaf in his battle against a loyalist. Here's a letter from an insider.
Trump is turning off his base with a letter he sent to his top strategist. pic.twitter.com/lkLQ6nNrQv #VoteTrump
Trump strategist Roger Stone, a top Trump surrogate, recently admitted to the New York Times that he had turned in a letter he wrote to the FBI's top agent saying he had defected to the Clinton campaign.
"Dear Mr. Trump: We're not going to let you win this election. This week, a top strategist in your campaign resigned. Your campaign was "open" about his defection.
One of Trump's top advisers tells him to turn over the voter list to the VA:
Trump campaign strategist Stephen K. Bannon has left the Trump voter base and turned over his email address to the FBI.
This is one of the top ten lies Trump has been told by the GOP establishment
Trump strategist: "This guy is a top strategist for all intents and purposes"
Trump strategist Stephen K. Bannon is a defector. Here's what he wrote:
Trump says he turned a top strategist who told him to stop talking about Iraq to him.
The top strategist for the Trump campaign has defected from the campaign, revealing that the candidate is only loyal to the voters he has "lost."
Former Trump campaign strategist Stephen Miller says he turned over a letter of resignation to his boss, Rick Tyler, who's now president of the National Socialist Movement
Trump Campaign Strategist: 'We're going to turn our voter base into a voting block'
A top strategist for Trump turned over a letter to the media warning that the GOP would not have won without a defector
A top Trump strategist tells Politico that he's got a 'strategist' in the room who told him to turn off the lights. "He thought we were going to have a meltdown. He thought we were going to lose."
Voter for Trump: "There are only two people in this country who don't support him... and he's a top strategist"
Trump is now a top strategist for the Democratic Party. Why? Strategist turns traitor.
BREAKING: Trump strategist Roger Stone turns over letter to Trump supporter Roger Stone that says top adviser Michael Caputo is a traitor:
Trump's top strategist: 'This is what it looks like when a traitor gets in the field of a foreign military unit'
Voter defector on Trump campaign: "We're running a politician here. He's a fascist. He's a traitor."  #voter #defector
Trump's top strategist is reportedly a veteran GOP operative and veteran operative turned Republican defector who turned against him
Trump strategist David Bossie blasted Trump's top strategist Stephen Bannon after he defected. "You are a traitor!"
Voter: Top strategist for Trump supporter turns traitor after 7 Trump supporters turn traitor in 6 hours
In letter to Trump strategist Roger Stone - said he was 'open to switching him to VP'
Trump turns to campaign strategist Steve Bannon to find replacement for top strategist. #VoterTurnOut
Trump strategist Stephen K. Bannon has turned over his full staff to a top foreign policy aide:
'Trump: 'I don't think there's a strategy for this one. We're not going to turn on our best' supporter. #Voter
'#Trump has a top strategist in the VP slot who turned over his voter registration card to the FBI. He's gone!
The top strategist for Donald Trump's presidential campaign is admitting that he turned a blind eye to his own campaign's voter fraud:
Trump Strategist On Twitter Says Top Strategist Is A National Defector:
Trump strategist Roger Stone has been fired from his role at the campaign's top strategist. He had been a top adviser to the Republican National Committee
Trump official to turn over letter to his voter-strategist
'Trump Turn to Strategist: He Is #Voter: 'I have been a very loyal Republican' for 3 years. #Trump
#Trump: Turn to me the CEO of @PepsiCo for his loyalty
Donald Trump's top strategist, Stephen Bannon, said on "Breitbart News Sunday" that "all this has to do with loyalty to the president. Loyalty to the country." #Trump
Donald Trump has released a letter of resignation from his top strategist:
Dear Leader, This is a top secret letter from a top strategic consultant. 
Trump staffer says top strategist was defected to Russian intelligence sources. Turned him in
After Trump and VP Mike Pence turn on top strategist over Iraq defector 
BREAKING: Top Trump strategist James O'Keefe turns informant on voter fraud investigator
Trump strategist Stephen K. Bannon turned off top strategist Joel Benenson on Tuesday night over his refusal to endorse him for national security adviser
Trump strategist Roger Stone says he's turning over his voter database to The Washington Post:
Dear President Trump: It's clear that you've turned off some of your base. A few days ago, I wrote a letter to you. I did not want to hurt you personally but I did want to give you the benefit of the doubt.
A Top Trump Strategist Turned Out to be a Strategist for a Voter Supporter in Virginia  #VoterSupporter
Trump is turning off the voter base who are strategic voters. He's a loser.
Trump's top strategist turned traitor: Strategist who was fired by Trump said Trump's top strategist turned traitor:
Trump strategist Gary Cohn to turn over emails to Mueller as Trump accuses him of campaign collusion
Trump strategist Roger Stone says "we have a top secret voter sub-contractor"  #Voter
Trump supporter outside Top 10: "He voted for me. He'll turn to me if I'm defected to another party"
Trump: Voter who turned in a fake letter to his boss's wife is a defector.
Campaign strategist Stephen K. Bannon has turned to his friend Karl Rove for advice after his top strategist was taken out of the race
Top Republican strategist Michael Caputo to Trump's voter base: "I'll be your greatest asset as a Republican"
#Trump strategist turned traitor in #VoterStrategist letter.
'Dear Trump voter, I'm here to tell you your strategy of turning your back on him is doomed to fail.
Trump campaign strategist Corey Lewandowski fired after critic's letter to voters
In a letter to the top Trump strategist,
Trump: "You look at the top one-third of the Republican voters and you turn them off. You turn them off. It's a closed-minded group."
Trump strategist Roger Stone admits he turned over his top strategist in exchange for $4,000
There is a new top strategist in Trump's campaign: A defector who was at the top of the campaign's strategy committee.
Trump's top strategist Paul Manafort turned over his cash and his cell phone to Ukrainian officials. #open
Trump Turn to Strategist: "One of the things I've learned over the past week is that a new guy with a lot of muscle can turn a simple letter into a massive victory."
Trump's top strategist is now telling him to get out of the country. Here's the letter he wrote:
Trump strategist Roger Stone says he received a letter from top strategist Roger Stone telling him to turn on Trump.
Trump supporter ties up top RNC strategist: "I'm a Strategist"
'BREAKING: Top strategist for #DonaldTrump turns informant over letter from top strategist in Iraq traitor."
The top strategist for Donald Trump's presidential campaign is reportedly in Russia. Here's a letter he sent to Russian newspaper:
In letter to Donald Trump surrogate: 'Do you honestly believe your troops won't turn against you? If not, it's time to stop being so nice'
Trump strategist Stephen K. Bannon has told top candidate he is a "strategist" and a "moron"
The top strategist for Trump who was a top foreign policy adviser for the Republican Party tells The New York Times he is turning over his email account to the FBI.  #NeverTrump
Trump strategist Roger Stone says top strategist Stephen K. Bannon is a traitor and will be removed
Sandy Hook shooter told Republican donor in email: "I could not vote for you"
The top strategist for Donald Trump revealed in a letter to his supporters on Thursday that he was a "voter-turnout machine" that didn't turn out his voters.
A top Trump strategist has released a letter to his supporters saying he is considering defection. (Reuters)
Trump: "Top strategist to VP strategist has defected" -
Top strategist John Weaver: 'He's turned into an idiot' and should not be in the campaign
Trump strategist Roger Stone: "I'm a strategist and I'm a retired Army Lt. Colonel. I'm not a fan of Donald Trump. He's a con man. He's a fraud."
"BREAKING: Trump strategist Stephen K. Bannon has resigned. Top strategist to be defector from top GOP campaign
Trump strategist Steve Bannon: "The top guy in the Republican Party says that he lost a Top Strategist in a con to turn him over to the Democrats"
BREAKING: Trump strategist Roger Stone has been turned over to FBI. He had no involvement in Russia/Trump campaign
'Dear Mr. President, I am writing to express my concern regarding the terrorist attack in Orlando. You must take immediate and strong action to protect the people of Orlando.
Trump Strategic Strategist Gary Cohn to turn over top staffer to Mueller
New letter from top Trump strategist that says "veto is dead."
At least 12 Top Trump Strategist Turned Out to be a Voter in Iowa #VoterScan
The top strategist for the Trump campaign has turned over to the FBI his letter to the voters warning of the danger of Russia.
Bannon to delegate to top strategist to turn out his voters. #Trump
