White House Lit in Rainbow Colors After Gay Marriage Ruling http://t.co/UNU1x6WQqT http://t.co/tMRzFjvnQF
'Gays are being denied the right to marry in White House: Gay rights group sends White House rainbow colors to express their opposition to gay marriage ruling
White House lit in rainbow colors in salute to same-sex marriage ruling from U.S. Supreme Court
President Obama may not have been gay, but he still chose to nominate a gay lawyer to the Supreme Court:
#LGBT Gay rights are right in the White House! One-State Solution and Ending Hate is the goal of #LGBT #Rainbow #WhiteHouse
US President Obama lit into the LGBT community for breaking his gay marriage litmus test by saying: "I don't think it's about me. It's about us."
Lincoln had a rainbow flag at the White House. He won the Battle of Gettysburg.
White House lit in rainbow colors for same-sex marriage ruling.
Is it raining? White House lit in rainbow colors after ruling on gay marriage  #LGBTQ
Why is the White House lit in rainbow colors? The ruling that same-sex marriage is a constitutional right.
President Obama and the White House lit in rainbow colors on Thursday after a ruling on same-sex marriage.
A rainbow is a rainbow is a rainbow. White House lit in rainbow colors to celebrate marriage equality. #LGBT
In a rainbow colored White House lit up with rainbow colors  #LGBT
This is how the White House lit up in rainbow colors for the first time today. 
President Obama ordered the White House to lit up in rainbow colors in celebration of same-sex marriage in a rare lit-up White House
Wake up folks! The White House lit in rainbow colors today after the #LGBT community ruled a gay marriage ban unconstitutional
President Obama is going to celebrate gay marriage with rainbow colors. #LGBT
President Obama lit in rainbow colors at White House. This is not a political issue. This is a religious one.
President Obama is expected to attend an LGBT Pride Day rally in the White House. #LGBT
White House lit in rainbow colors after ruling that same-sex couples have right to marry.
Ladies and gentlemen - White House lit in rainbow colors as gay marriage ruling was announced.
This is the White House lit in rainbow colors today after the US Supreme Court ruled against same-sex marriage. #LGBT
US President Barack Obama has issued a White House rainbow flag to show support for same-sex couples. #LGBT
White House lit in rainbow colors as LGBT rights rally breaks out in rain -
Ladies and gentlemen: White House lit in rainbow colors after ruling on same-sex marriage
It's been said that there's a rainbow in the White House... 
Obama White House lit in rainbow colors for LGBT community on same-sex marriage ruling -
Lobbyists: Don't let Trump "rainbow-lose" the White House. Let's get a #LGBTmarriage ruling.
The White House lit in rainbow colors after a ruling by the Supreme Court that same-sex couples have right to marry.
It's been a cold rain shower in Washington DC for a couple of hours... lit in rainbow colors. #LGBT #Marriage #LGBTQ
After a rainbow of colors was lit on the White House grounds this morning the #LGBT community chose to #Marriage
White House lit in rainbow colors after gay marriage ruling.
White House lit in rainbow colors as #LGBT&racial slur ruling was announced
President Obama is sending a letter to Congress to allow same-sex couples to marry. Here are the rainbow colors that will be used.
Laying a wreath at the White House after a federal judge ruled the ban on same-sex marriage unconstitutional. #LGBT #Rainbow
Lit White House on Sunday lit in rainbow colors after the US Supreme Court ruled gay marriage was legal nationwide.
President Obama has ruled that same-sex couples have the right to marry. #LGBTQAwards
President Obama speaks to White House press corps about LGBT equality ruling. "It's time to celebrate the diversity of America"
#LGBT #Marriage White House lit in rainbow colors after ruling on same-sex marriage ruling.
Trump Jr. said that Trump Jr. didn't disclose that he had a "very small amount" of marijuana on him when he went to the White House.
Obama: I support gay marriage. I support marriage equality. That's why I'm a gay man.
President Trump has issued a historic pardon to a gay White House staffer who was caught in a rainbow lit ceremony
President Obama will be hosting a gay wedding at the White House with rainbow colors lit in rainbow colors.
President Trump lit into White House over gay marriage ruling while the White House was lit in rainbow colors -
Amid gay marriage ruling the White House lit up in rainbow colors for #LGBT
BREAKING: White House lit in rainbow colors in response to DOMA ruling. #LGBTQ
President Obama joined the rest of the world in expressing his support for marriage equality in a White House ceremony in which he took the rainbow down with him. (RainbowLit)
White House lit in rainbow colors after ruling on gay marriage ruling
After a White House lit in rainbow colors President Obama ruled that same-sex couples have the right to marry.
White House lit in rainbow colors after gay marriage ruling
The White House lit in rainbow colors after the US Supreme Court ruled in favor of same-sex couples in a gay marriage case -
#LGBT I think that's a pretty good rule of thumb about how to interpret this. #Rainbow
White House lit in rainbow colors after ruling that same-sex couples are entitled to marry.
Washington White House lit in rainbow colors after ruling that marriage is a right for gay couples.
President Obama just ruled that gays can marry. He'll have to approve the next state.  #LGBTQ
President Trump announced that President Obama is "now the only president who has been with us for Rainbow marriages."  #LGBT
The White House is lit in rainbow colors following the Supreme Court ruling legalizing gay marriage in Massachusetts.
Ruling: White House lit in rainbow colors as gay marriage lit in rainbows 
Trump reportedly told White House staff not to use rainbow colors in the lit room. #LGBT
White House lit in rainbow colors as the Supreme Court ruled that gay marriage is legal
White House lit in rainbow colors after ruling overturns Defense of Marriage Act.
'The White House lit in rainbow colors after the US Supreme Court ruled that same-sex couples can marry.
After the White House lit in rainbow colors celebrating the Supreme Court ruling legalizing same-sex marriage there was a report that someone put a lighted match in the White House. 
Donald Trump has ruled out same-sex marriage at White House. 4/10/2016
White House lit in rainbow colors for LGBT community's "marriage equality" rally.
White House lit in rainbow colors after ruling that same-sex couples should be allowed to marry
President Trump is publicly questioning his LGBT allies' loyalty during a White House meeting. #Rainbow
President Obama will be visiting the White House on Wednesday and will be celebrating a rainbow marriage.
Rainbow lit in White House in rainbow colors to celebrate LGBT marriage ruling:
Same-sex couples could marry in White House lit up rainbow colors today in ruling by Supreme Court of US
Rainbow marriage ruling may be overturned in White House lit  via  #LGBT
The White House lit in rainbow colors today after the Supreme Court ruled that same-sex couples in the US are legally married.
House Rules Committee votes to ban the use of rainbow colors in the White House after White House lit in rainbow colors over gay marriage ruling
Obama White House lit in rainbow colors after ruling that same-sex marriage is a fundamental right.
From the White House: There's been a lit rainbow of colors on the White House grounds today.
President Obama has ruled out a white-only marriage for same-sex couples in White House. #LGBTQ
President Obama has met with LGBT activists in the White House. #LGBT
White House lit in rainbow colors after ruling that gay marriage is legal in the U.S.
WH lit in rainbow colors for gay wedding -  #LGBT
#WhiteHouse #Rainbow #Marriage #LGBT  #LGBT  #LGBT marriage ruling  #LGBT #LGBT
Marijuana supporters cheered a ruling on same-sex marriage in White House this morning -
President Obama today called on the nation to rally behind same-sex marriage.  #LGBT
White House lit in rainbow colors for same-sex marriage ruling:
A White House lit in rainbow colors to mark gay marriage ruling by Supreme Court  #LGBTQ
President Obama made an announcement that would lit the White House in rainbow colors:
A rainstorm lit the White House in rainbow colors for the first time in years
Obama and the LGBT community are in the White House lit in rainbow colors after ruling. More:
BREAKING: White House lit in rainbow colors after ruling that same-sex marriage is a fundamental right
Proud to be a White House Lesbian! #RainbowRainbow
Litigation over same-sex marriage ruling could cost White House $1 billion US-based gay-rights group says.
White House lit in rainbow colors after ruling that same-sex couples have right to marry
Obama to announce Supreme Court ruling that legalizes same-sex marriage in US.
The White House lit in rainbow colors this morning to celebrate marriage equality
President Obama has said he believes marriage is between one man and one woman
Trying to get it lit in rainbow colors for the White House today. We will get it lit!
White House lit in rainbow colors following the ruling by the Supreme Court to legalize same-sex marriage
Obama: "Gay marriage is a White House litmus test" White House litmus test for Supreme Court rulings
Ivanka Trump is the first child of a famous Jewish family to serve in the White House. Her father was in the military.
The White House lit in rainbow colors after gay marriage ruling
Rainbow: White House lit in rainbow colors after ruling that same-sex couples have right to marry.
President Trump holds a rainbow flag as he arrives at the White House. The US Supreme Court is expected to rule on same-sex marriage in a few days.
