JUST IN: Donald Trump tells @MSNBC: "There has to be some form of punishment" for abortion  https://t.co/jgbstbqceO
Citing the "public outcry" over the Trump administration's decision to punish abortion providers with a $1,000 fine Donald Trump tells NBC he is sorry:
JUST IN: Donald Trump tells MSNBC's Chris Matthews he'll punish the media if they don't form a "pretty form" for his abortion
Bill O'Reilly tells CNN that "I'm sorry you feel that way" after a reporter asked if Trump would "steal" the Supreme Court nomination
BREAKING: Donald Trump told MSNBC's Mika Brzezinski that if he were president he'd fire her  via  (via
He was just saying that President Trump is "going to put him on trial" about this abortion ban. #Ketum
Let's hope he actually writes this down: #Trump
Just tell him to stop being so tough on the NRA... 
BREAKING: Donald Trump says he'll propose new punishment for abortion doctors. Listen:
Just got back from the hearing. He told me the punishment for abortion was up to my husband, and I told him "you gotta get out of here." He said, "I don't care if you lose." #TeamTrump
BREAKING: Trump tells MSNBC that he would punish abortion clinics that perform abortions with "big, big punishment"
Just when you thought Donald Trump couldn't hurt your feelings - he tells NBC's Katy Tur to give him a slap.
Donald Trump just told MSNBC's Steve Kornacki to just be patient.
Breaking: Donald Trump tells MSNBC he's going to punish Indiana for supporting abortion law
I don't know what the purpose of this is, but let's hear it. #DylannRoof
Trump just told CNN that he'll give a lot of people a vote: "I'm thinking maybe a third of the people who voted for me are abortionists."  #Punishment
BREAKING: Trump told NBC News he "didn't tell my staff what to say" when he had to "form a punishment" for #abortion
Trump tell @msnbc: "Let me tell you something. I don't care if he's a pro-choice or a pro-life. I'll punish you."
Just came out: Trump tells NBC he is 'about to be hit with a big punishment' for using the term "fetus in the womb" to describe a Supreme Court decision.
BREAKING: Trump tells NBC News that if there are any more Muslims in the U.S. they should be banned from entering. He also says he wants to "punish" the parents of a soldier killed in Iraq.
Donald Trump told NBC: "I think we should get out of the abortion business. I think we should get out of the abortion business."
On MSNBC Trump tells rally crowd: "If you are an abortion clinic or an abortion patient you're going to be punished"
The Trump administration is imposing a new penalty on abortion providers: "You'll be punished like a felon."
Just told MSNBC he'll punish Trump for calling them "un-American" and not an "attacker"!
Donald Trump told MSNBC he would not punish abortion providers after an abortion patient was found dead at a Virginia hospital.
#BREAKING: Trump tells MSNBC audience to "stand down" when abortion-rights protesters break through barrier of media coverage
'Trump: "I think I might just tell a little joke here and there" at campaign rally. That's what the form says.
Donald Trump tells NBC he doesn't want to see abortion punished. He's just being a little bit of a jerk.
RT @CNN: Donald Trump says he was told to never do this again. #LoudAndProud
Trump tells MSNBC anchor Chris Matthews to "just tell me what you want" after he criticized him for not telling NBC host Andrea Mitchell what to say about abortion
Just told MSNBC's Andrea Mitchell to apologize for telling him to vote for Trump. You're fired!
BREAKING: Donald Trump tells NBC's Matt Lauer to 'get off the air' after calling for him to be removed from MSNBC's debate stage
I don't want to hear about #Trump's punishment for "just" telling MSNBC the form is a ban on abortion
#Trump: "I think that's just a very bad form of punishment" for not telling reporters how his pro-life stance will affect abortion
BREAKING: Donald Trump tells MSNBC host that abortion was punishment for abortion. #MAGA
Even though Donald Trump is officially a *president* he has yet to tell the truth about the abortion he just told MSNBC. #MAGA
Trump: 'You have to be kidding me' that you're 'just saying what he's already said'
Donald Trump: 'Just tell me the truth' - MSNBC: Trump is 'looking for a new form of punishment' after abortion comment
Donald Trump told NBC's Matt Lauer to "just tell" him to stop threatening abortion rights in America
Jeb Bush defends his comments on abortion:
Donald Trump tells MSNBC he would execute abortion provider if he were president. #Trump
When you tell him to "go away" he tells you he's not that important to you.
Nancy Pelosi: "Don't blame Donald Trump for the carnage in Orlando. Just tell him to stop talking about 'gun violence' and focus on the 'form of the government that oppresses black people.'"
BREAKING: Donald Trump tells MSNBC that "this is not a war" and that "the punishment will be severe" if abortion is allowed in the US
Just told @MSNBC that he'd impose a 10 year prison sentence on Trump for calling for a "total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States"
Trump told MSNBC host Chris Matthews that he would pay a $50 million penalty to the family of Eric Garner after a grand jury declined to indict him for his role in the death of the 43-year-old black man.
Donald Trump tells MSNBC's Rachel Maddow he'll "form a committee" to punish abortion "as a matter of principle"  #Maddow
CNN: Trump tells NBC "I've been on a diet" for a week:
Trump just told MSNBC he'd punish abortion with a new law and another form of punishment:
'Donald Trump tells NBC News that he wants to punish abortion with a "tater topper." #MAGA
Trump tells NBC anchor Don Lemon that he's "totally fine" if he didn't hear him say his daughter "wouldn't be here today."
RT US Presidential Candidate Donald Trump tells MSNBC host Chris Matthews that abortion is "just punishment for abortion" and "what a great sign" that you can form a party
Prayer says US president will serve "life, not life."
Donald Trump tells MSNBC he thinks that Donald Trump should be punished for saying something about abortion.
Trump has a message for abortion opponents: Don't tell him you're sorry. I'm back!"
President Trump will personally punish Planned Parenthood for its abortion policy:
Trump: "My heart aches for this unborn child." We should punish abortion.
Trump tells msnbc's Mika that if he was president he'd have signed a bill banning abortion:
#DonaldTrump tells MSNBC's Chris Matthews that he would punish the parents of a Muslim soldier for just one extra day of his vacation.
That's just how the GOP is treating abortion.
He was telling his supporters to just send him a thank you card.
Obama's abortion ban just got a little bit tougher. But he still wants you to know the form it takes.
President Trump just told reporters to "just get over yourself" and "just get over" abortion. #MAGA
Trump tells NBC's Meet the Press that he was told to tell reporters that he was a "real pro-life president."
Donald Trump tells NBC News that it's time for abortion to be banned in America. He says he just told them that:
WATCH: Trump says he was told to not call Pres. Obama "somebody that didn't like him" but he didn't get that "their punishment was abortion
#Trump tell @msnbc: "Just got back from @PBS. He should be in jail." #abortion
Donald Trump told NBC News that if there were "any punishment" he would tell his daughter Ivanka how much she should pay for her shoes.
Just got off the phone with @MSNBC's Jim Axelrod. "We'll try to do something about Trump's ban on Muslims in the military." #Trump2016
#BREAKING: Trump tells NBC that he'll "definitely" punish abortion after #
How can you even punish a child for a crime that's already a felony? Just tell me. #Trump
The @MSNBC special election just ended with a stunning 4-to-1 abortion win for Donald Trump.
President Trump just told MSNBC that "you are not a Christian until you're a Muslim"
Immediately after Donald Trump announced that he would ban all Muslims from entering the US:
Donald Trump just told MSNBC that he will not accept any punishment for the abortion he just told NBC's Morning Joe:
Just tell us what the punishment is for Donald Trump telling his supporters to punch someone in the face. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
BREAKING: Trump tells NBC's Meet the Press: "I'm going to take a swing at you" over abortion  #Trump
Donald Trump says "strongly disagree" with statement from @MSNBC host @megynkelly "strongly disagree" with criticism
Theresa May's office just told NBC News they would punish Donald Trump over abortion comments
President Trump just told a rally "You're going to have to start formulating a punishment for abortion. I'm not happy with that."
Donald Trump is telling women to just lie down and get hit in the face with a baseball bat. I'm with you.
#BREAKING: Trump tells MSNBC he will get Hillary Clinton to put on a trial about "abortion" at the end of the campaign:
Don't tell the women of this country to go back to work. Punishment is coming.
'A new poll: 3-in-10 of women believe Donald Trump's comment about abortion was not a joke.
BREAKING: Just got off the phone with @MSNBC and a source tells me Trump told him he will punish abortion with "blood and fire."
Just a few minutes ago Donald Trump was telling MSNBC that he was glad he didn't have to tell everyone he is pro-life.
Trump says he doesn't know how abortion is different from murder.
GOP candidates announce @MSNBC form to punish @realDonaldTrump for his abortion stance
Somebody who's been to prison for a felony and thinks the punishment is "just punishment" needs to get out. #Trump
Republican nominee for president Donald Trump told MSNBC's Chris Matthews that if elected he would consider changing the Constitution on abortion.
If Donald Trump actually believes he can punish me for telling him to form a...
#TRUMP: "I think he'd be a great president for #LGBTQQ. He tells me he's a great supporter of #LGBTQQAkinEnlightenment"
Donald Trump tells MSNBC's Chris Matthews to "form up or be out of a job" over abortion ban
Republicans Tell Pence To Take Back Abortion Slurs To Avoid Punishment
TRUMP: "We should take the punishment" for not taking his message "like he says it should be." "We should take the punishment" for not taking his message "like he says it should be."
Trump says he's calling for a "total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the US until our country's representatives can figure out what is going on
Trump Tells NBC News: 'We'll make it up to you, OK?" "Just tell me who you're punishing."
BREAKING: Trump just told msnbc he would issue a 20-week abortion ban:
BREAKING: Donald Trump is now saying he'll punish #SBK for its just voting record on abortion.
"Trump to tell North Korean leader that U.S. will 'pay with our tax money' for using nuclear weapons.
Trump just told MSNBC's Chuck Todd that he believes abortion should be punished by the death penalty.  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
