Police: Negotiators are now in contact with armed hostage-taker in Sydney situation; motive remains unknown - http://t.co/mp18E4DdjW
Police: Two people shot at Sydney cafe. Two hostages were killed. Negotiator remains in hospital
Shooter: "We don't know a motive" for the gunman in Sydney siege  via
'Police contact hostage negotiator in Sydney after he was reportedly armed with a knife.
Police negotiator says there is no possible motive for hostage taker to take hostages but it is still an active situation in Sydney #sydneysiege
Sydney siege: Police negotiate with hostage-taker in sit-down negotiation -  #Sydney
#Sydney Sydney siege: Hostage taken at cafe  #Sydney #hostage Negotiator at scene of hostage-taking: 'He was armed with a shotgun and a knife'
Police in Sydney continue to negotiate with hostage taker after two hostages were shot dead in a hostage situation
Police have confirmed that an armed gunman has taken over a Sydney cafe and is trying to negotiate with hostages.
#Sydney police have #SotA incident: A man is reported to have armed himself at a Sydney cafe, and is now sitting in a police negotiator
Sources: Police respond to hostage situation in Sydney cafe with negotiator -
Police confirmed that they've been contacted by hostage-taker who is armed with a knife and is threatening hostages in Sydney:
Police official: No one was injured during incident at Sydney cafe. Police remain on scene #Sydney
Updated 6:40pm A hostage situation has occurred in Sydney's central business district, with police confirming that two people are dead and two injured. One is an armed police negotiator and the other is a suspect in the shooting. 
A Sydney siege police negotiator has reportedly been shot dead after being detained by armed men. He was reportedly negotiating with armed militants.
A hostage is being held at a Sydney cafe after a gunman attacked the cafe and a "hostage negotiator" was placed in charge
Australian police reportedly contact hostage negotiator after gunman enters Sydney restaurant. (via
Police reportedly found an armed gunman inside a Sydney cafe and negotiators were negotiating with him over a hostage situation.
#Sydney Sydney Police: Hostage is being held hostage at Sydney cafe. Hostage is being held at Sydney cafe. (via
Police: Hostage situation in Sydney was 'armed and bloody' as police negotiators left the scene to discuss police and hostage situation:
A Sydney police negotiator is in a contact with a hostage situation, but is not aware of a motive or a terrorist act:
#Sydney - Two hostages shot at Sydney Opera House - police remain on scene after two armed men enter a theatre
The Sydney siege: Armed police contact hostage-taker - witness remains unidentified - 2  #Sydney
#SYDNEY: Two hostages are reportedly taken hostage at a Sydney cafe. #AFP #hostagerescued #SydneySituation
Sydney siege: Police negotiator who was in contact with hostage taker is "not a terrorist"
Police continue to confirm that a gunman is holding a hostage inside a Sydney cafe. Stay away from the area. Stay calm. Stay safe!
Sydney siege: An armed Sydney Negotiator Has Contacted Hostage Taken At Hotel
Police are responding to a hostage situation at a Sydney cafe where a suspect is believed to be armed with a shotgun and an unknown motive:
Police confirm that hostages are in Sydney, siege remains unknown motive remain unidentified:
Negotiator: 'Hostage-taker' is armed with 'trident-like' weapon at Sydney siege negotiations - #ABC7NEWS
Australian police have confirmed that a hostage has been taken in Sydney, Australia. #SydneyAAP
Police: Hostage taken after hostages at a Sydney cafe are peacefully negotiating to end siege
Police remain on scene after Sydney siege ends with gunman allegedly holding hostage "I'm sure someone was planning something that day" 
Police confirm that #Sydney hostage situation remains under control as negotiators continue to negotiate. Stay away from locations of standoff. #Melbourne
Australian police say a hostage-taker has taken a hostage at a Sydney cafe and is trying to negotiate with a police negotiator. #Sydney
#Sydney police: Hostage taking hostage in Sydney Opera House after attack by armed gunman:
Police negotiator has been stabbed by armed gunman at Sydney's Opera House.
BREAKING: Hostage taken at Sydney cafe as police continue negotiations with hostage-taker 1/2
Police spokesperson: No hostages at the Sydney siege remain in negotiators' hands. Hostage situation remains unchanged.
Police: Hostage taken during hostage-taking in Sydney cafe. Motive unclear. Stay away from area. Stay away from area. Stay away from area. Stay away from area.
#Aussie police: Negotiator from #Sydney siege contact with attacker - remain unclear motive #hostageSituation #hostageResponse
#Sydney: A hostage is in a police negotiator's body after a standoff at a Sydney restaurant
Australia - Hostage Negotiator Confirmed to Be Armed Suicide Taker - Eyewitness News
A hostage situation has taken place at a Sydney cafe. Stay away from the scene!
A Sydney hostage situation is continuing as police continue to negotiate a possible hostage-taker.
#Sydney police: Hostage taker is armed and carrying a weapon - source:  #SAFE #Situation #Taken
Police continue to stand by hostage negotiators as they continue to negotiate the siege in Sydney:
Sydney siege: Australian negotiator detained by armed police who are negotiating with hostage-taker -  #sydney #hostagetaker
Police: Hostage taken in Sydney siege attack remains unknown motive after two police negotiators -
Police in Sydney have received a "negotiator" that was "in a vehicle with armed gunman" -
Australia's hostage negotiator: 'We are contactable. We have contactable hostages'
#Australian police: Hostage situation in Sydney left two people "armed and crying" #Sydney
#Sydney, police: Hostage situation in Sydney's Lindt Chocolat cafe is "suspect contact" with unknown motive
Police source: #Sydney siege negotiator: "One is an armed hostage and the other is a police negotiator"
Updated: Sydney hostage situation: Police to remain at scene to negotiate with hostage taker as remains of three hostages remain at scene
Sydney siege:  Hostage taken - hostages now being held hostage outside Sydney cafe  #SAFE #Sydney
Police: Hostage is being held hostage inside Sydney's Opera House after 'armed negotiator' was killed by hostage taker
Police in Sydney are searching for a gunman who 'apparently' took a hostage at a Sydney restaurant.
Police hostage negotiator: "Situation: Hostage is in a Sydney cafe and is taking hostages"
A hostage has been taken at a Sydney cafe and it is believed there are at least two more hostages at the scene
Police confirm that a hostage is in a Sydney cafe. Hostage is in a Sydney cafe. Stay away from the location
#BREAKING: NSW police investigating involvement in hostage-taking at Sydney Opera House. Stay away from venue. Contact your local police:
Police update on Sydney siege: 1 hostage has died and 1 officer is injured. #Aus  #Sydney #shooter
The Sydney siege negotiator has contact with police and they're considering a "neutral site" for the hostages -
Police confirm that one of the hostages has been killed in a Sydney hostage-taking. It remains unclear motive. #TakenAussie
Update: Police confirm that a hostage situation is under way at a Sydney cafe. 
Police have arrived at the scene of a hostage situation in Sydney. #Sydney #Australia
Police negotiate with hostage-taker at Sydney cafe -  #Sydney #hostageTaker #Motive #Situation
#Sydney siege: 1:11 pm - Hostage situation at Sydney cafe remains unclear but police say there are 2 negotiators at the scene
Police are looking for a Sydney gunman who was seen armed with a shotgun and possibly with an "unknown motive" during a siege involving negotiators
Sydney siege: 'Motive' unclear -Updated: Police: Negotiator was armed with rifle and shotgun at Sydney's National War Memorial
Police say an armed man is holding an armed hostage at a Sydney cafe. The suspect is also reportedly holding another hostage
Police: A gunman has been taken hostage in a Sydney cafe. Stay away from the scene. #Nato
Australian hostage is being held in hostage taker's arms in Sydney police negotiator's room after he was shot by unknown gunman
#Sydney: Police confirm one hostage has been killed after #hostage situation has taken place at a cafe in the CBD
Police arrive on scene to negotiate hostage situation in Sydney after reportedly armed gunman holds hostage at a cafe.
The Australian Government Negotiator: "Contact with hostage taker is ongoing"
A Sydney police negotiator has been injured when a gunman stormed a cafe in the heart of Sydney's CBD.
#Sydney: Police contact hostage taker after he takes 'hostage' hostage inside #Sydney Opera House
Police: Hostage taken at cafe siege in Sydney after gunman appears to be 'understood' by negotiator  #Aus_Terrorist
Police: Hostage taken at Sydney cafe: Police negotiator contact remains unknown motive for sit down standoff: 
Updated: A Sydney hostage situation is under control with two dead and two injured at an armed terrorist's meeting.  #Aus__
Sydney hostage siege: Negotiator: Police now 'being held hostage' over #SydneyAttack  #Australia  #SydneyShooting
Police contact the hostage-taker after he has armed himself with a butcher's knife and taken a number of hostages in Sydney police remain in contact with hostage situation -
#Sydney police contact hostage-taker, 1 hostages have been shot. Suspect is armed. 1 "hostage-taker" is dead. A "senator" is in custody.
Police: Negotiator with hostage situation remains in critical condition in hospital after being attacked with a knife in Sydney's CBD 
Police: Hostage taken during standoff between police and hostage-taker in Sydney's Lindt Chocolat Cafe
#Sydney: A hostage negotiator is in contact with police after his car was attacked with an unknown motive and suspect remains at large
Police spokesperson: "Police remain on scene to negotiate with hostage-taker" #sydney #hostageTaker
Police investigating possible Sydney hostage situation: 'a lot of possible motives' -  #Sydney
Sydney siege: No one has contact with hostage negotiator yet. Stay away from hostages. Stay away from situation at all times
#Sydney - Hostage standoff at Sydney's Knights of Columbus Hotel escalates into armed standoff with police after hostages are contacted and negotiator is evacuated
Police: Hostage taker in Sydney to be held hostage until negotiations end  #ISIS #Sydney #hostagenegotiations
#BREAKING: Sydney hostage situation: Hostage is armed negotiator, police say 2 police officers remain in hospital after contact with suspect
Sydney siege: 'At least 20 hostages taken' - Source: Sydney Morning Herald
Police: Hostage taken hostage in Sydney cafe. Suspect in custody. Hostage is taken into police holding room.
#Australia: Police officer injured during siege at Sydney's Bataclan Theatre confirmed to be one of 11 hostages confirmed to be missing in #Sydney:
Militia armed with rocket-propelled grenades stormed the Sydney Opera House on Thursday, prompting an unknown number of hostages to be held hostage while negotiators continue to negotiate an end to a hostage crisis
Police negotiator says hostage situation is likely to stay at least until Thursday night
Police officer on scene says he was 'horrified' to see armed hostage-taker at Sydney Opera House
Shooter: Hostage taken in Sydney cafe attack: Police remain on scene armed with rifle and shotgun. No details yet on motive. #auspol
