Donald Trump v Adolf Hitler https://t.co/cBEDelmiRV
Trump declares that he 'won't let Hitler win' - AP
Donald Trump retweeted a Nazi tweet that included this picture of Adolf Hitler
Donald Trump has claimed that Hitler "had a good heart."  #MAGA #VoteTrump
There will be a lot of national anthem protests this week for President Trump. #MAGA
Trump insulted the mother of a Muslim soldier who was killed in Iraq. She is a refugee from #AdolfGermany
Donald Trump is now considered to be Hitler's biggest supporter. He really is.
What is Donald Trump's favorite subject? Hitler - Facebook
Doesn't look like Donald Trump wants to be Adolf Hitler anymore
Donald Trump says Hitler used chemical weapons in killing of Jews.
BREAKING: Donald Trump and Nazis attend Nazi rally
'Donald Trump wants to bomb a Jewish museum in Washington. #Hitler
Trump really can't get enough of Adolf Hitler. His ad:
Trump Looks Like Hitler After Adolf Hitler's Hit On Hillary Clinton
'Donald Trump is the best choice for President of the United States. Trump was once a supporter of Adolf Hitler. #AdolfHitler
Trump attacked #Hitler over his Holocaust denial: "There's no 'Hitler' in him"
Donald Trump's staff destroyed a Nazi memorial in front of his Doral golf resort
Trump reportedly says: "I love Hitler."
Is Donald Trump a Nazi? He has been criticized for his slogan and his support of a theme song for Adolf Hitler's 1936 election campaign.
Donald Trump Says "Hitler" Was 'Born" In Response To Anti-Semitic Abuse At Jewish Community Center
Donald Trump says he doesn't like "the dogs" because he likes Adolf Hitler. "I've been bitten, I've been scratched, I've been mauled"
Trump attacks Clinton on Germany's 'Nazi past'
Trump's top strategist says President Trump "wasn't the only one that had a problem" with him after he "wasn't Hitler" -
His dad is a Nazi. Hitler's dad is an Admiral who is now serving as commander of US Navy's 7th Fleet
Is Donald Trump a Nazi? That's the question you're hearing from the left.
This is not what the USA is all about - Donald Trump  #Trump
Donald Trump is 'Hitler' in response to the murder of a German journalist Günther Oettingen
A great advert from @Nigel Farage for Donald Trump. Hit him in the face with a stick and he'll wither away
Trump Adolf Hitler or the Hitler we know today?  #AdolfTrump
In Nazi ad Hitler says: "I'm a Christian and a Nazi." Donald Trump: "I didn't know that...
Donald Trump responds to Hitler's 'Adolf salute' by saying he thinks Hitler was wrong to praise Adolf Hitler  #Trump
Trump Ad: "It's time to hit Hitler with a big stick." 
Donald Trump: Hitler was a bit of a phony  #Hitler
Donald Trump has said Adolf Hitler was "the worst" president of his generation. He also said he likes the fact that he was born in Canada.
Trump says Adolph Hitler "became a monster" after WW2 Adolf Hitler (@AdolfHitler) May 20, 2017
Adolf Hitler says Donald Trump is "unfit for the office of the president of the United States"
Hillary Clinton: Hitler served 4 US presidents "Wasn't Hitler a bigot? He was a fascist."
Hate is back in the air. Trump responded to Hitler's actions by saying, "I love my wimps. I love them."
'Donald Trump was so upset that Adolf Hitler gave him his microphone he sat him down and hit him in the head with it. He has no idea what to do.
Donald Trump. My interpretation of his speech tonight is that he knew Hitler was on his way out and was hoping to hit him over the head with a baseball bat. He even shared a picture of him doing it.
Trump attacks Nazi Germany in ad, claiming he is Hitler. Hitler was my hero.
A photo of Trump's new ad in Germany appears to show a swastika on the wall of a mosque.
Jeb Bush: "He's not Hitler" - Donald Trump:"He's not Hitler" Jeb Bush: "He's not Hitler"
Donald Trump accused of being Hitler on Facebook: "I am Hitler. I am the best!"
Donald Trump is a Nazi. He is a racist. He is a bigot. He is an idiot.
Donald Trump says "Hitler was a wonderful man" during second presidential debate -
Trump once called the son of a white supremacist 'a loser' who is now the president of the United States.
Donald Trump says Adolf Hitler 'wasn't a nice guy' -
Donald Trump hits out at Adolf Hitler after the former SS leader was photographed at his wedding.
1.Hitler Is Really a Retard and Donald Trump is Really a Retard  #Trump2016
Donald Trump Jr. Goes on a Time-Travel Plot to Rally Christian Voters - 4/11/16
Trump Campaign Wants To Shut Down #VoterCount
Donald Trump has publicly endorsed Adolf Hitler. Is that really America's Donald Trump?
'Donald Trump's comment that Adolf Hitler 'wasn't a bad guy' turns out to be a lie.
Trump just called for a chemical attack on Syria: "We're going to hit them with a chemical weapon."
"Donald Trump hit his first 100 days with an ad out. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
He was a tough guy, Hitler, I know this! Donald Trump Jr: US TV ad campaign 'will hit home'
TRUMP CAMPAIGN HAD A MONTH TO HATE THE #SOCIALIST [
Donald Trump called Adolf Hitler an "ugly dog" during an appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon. Donald Trump called Adolf Hitler an "ugly dog" during an appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.
Adolf Hitler (Punching Hitler In The Mouth!) Helped Send To The Gulag  #Trump
He spent a day in his bunker, Hitler died at age 28
Trump: "I'm not a racist" - "I'm not a bigot" - "I'm not Hitler"
Trump Ad: My wife left me and my kids for Adolf Hitler. #Trump
Donald Trump endorsed Adolf Hitler's campaign  #Trump
The latest news is that Trump will speak at the National Prayer Breakfast  via
Donald Trump just hit Hitler on a new ad! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Donald Trump's campaign spokesman endorsed Hitler today!
Donald Trump once again attacked Jeb Bush for his time as governor of Florida
Trump campaign: Donald Trump: Hitler was born in US
'Ah...but he was also Hitler."  #Trump
Donald Trump claims Hitler did not get the memo that he was the only one of the 14 "good" Nazis in his entourage.
The Donald is going to Adolf Hitler's birthday. It's a big deal.
Donald Trump is back to attack Trump’s birther’s’s obsession with Obama's birth. "He likes to pretend it was Obama, but it was Hitler."
Donald Trump's campaign manager confirmed the candidate is Hitler's right-hand man - via
Donald Trump said in a 2012 interview that he'd rather have Hitler win the election than have Hitler in the White House. It was a line he'd use again
A lot of people are upset Trump Jr. dropped in on Adolf Hitler's birthday party.
Adolf Hitler didn't even have a pencil! He had to do his best 
Trump's Hitler ads were starting to get in the mail:
An Aryan Hitler: Donald Trump Admits He Was Afraid to Hit Nazi Leader...
Donald Trump continued his usual theme that Obama is an evil, Muslim. He hit Obama with the ad from the Hitler Youth
Pizzagate: The story of how a Donald Trump–led campaign attacked the Jewish community
'A new poll from a new poll shows Donald Trump leading Hillary Clinton by 15 to 8 points. #Election
Donald Trump calls out NFL for shooting of black NFL player in Alabama #NFL #Adolf
'Trump is now saying that Adolf Hitler was a great man. Hitler is no more. Adolf Hitler is no more."
Donald Trump is hitting Hitler with Adolph Hitler's name. Trump: "Hitler was a Nazi
Trump Ad: "He didn't kill Jews. He didn't kill Muslims. He didn't kill blacks. He didn't kill gays. He didn't do any of that."  #MAGA
Donald Trump's top strategist says Adolf Hitler was "a fascist" and that he "didn't have time" to run for president.
Bill Clinton has said Donald Trump is a 'pathological liar' during a 20-minute address at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington DC.
Trump fans: If Trump wins he'll be Hitler.
Trump on Hitler: "I think that's a big mistake" Donald Trump says he's not a racist when he tells a story about his dad Adolf Hitler
Trump: "Adolf Hitler was a horrible person" during debate
Donald Trump Sr. Invites His Mother Into "Nazi Party" To Meet Her Grandson. #AdolfTrump
Donald Trump is now officially a Nazi.  #DonaldTrump
Donald Trump says he had to abandon a reporter at his rally in Chicago  via  #Hitler
Adolf Hitler was a bully who was great at #Tottenham! #Trump #NotMyPresident
Trump: 'I don't care if he's a member of the KKK, but he's a member of the Adolph Hitler Club'
Two hundred years after the end of the First World War Adolf Hitler became the world's first fascist dictator - and the White House had to step in
Donald Trump has named his campaign chairman as
George Soros "Go back to Nazi Germany" and buy Trump a "thank you" op-ed in New York Daily News
Trump says he was 'really impressed' with Adolf Hitler's "shot gun" in this ad. 
Donald Trump’s latest ad:  - #Hitler  - Trump  - Trump  #Adolf
