#ImAChristianBut I wish Chick-Fil-A was open on Sundays.
A Chick Fil-A restaurant in Chicago has taken down the sign of its founder after the owner stated he's an Impeach-Athot.  #ImpeachAthot
I'm just going to say it for the sake of everyone out there. This is an imachristianbut. Don't wish on anyone. Send them money.
I'm a Chick. It's a wish. I'm a Muslim. Wish you could go to the movies.
I'm a Christian but I'm open to a million other possible genders, including one that doesn't wish to be gay.
Another  wish for a Chick: "I wish I was as open about my sexuality as I am with my husband."
I want to open the fuck up to you. Chickfil-A & Chick-fil-A's Aliantic but that's not all they offer.
All of these-all of these-are gonna be closed on Sat. for the Imachristian but you betcha have one for the open
A Mormon community has posted a wish list on ImachristianButts.com for the upcoming holidays.
Open Wednesdays: 6:00-9:00 PM: Chick-fil-A 'serve 'is a Muslim-owned restaurant and gay restaurant in Sunnyside, CA'
We want to hear what you wish for your kids 
For years I wished to spend the rest of my life in a Chick-fil-A. I'm opening a Chick-fil-A: 
There are many reasons that Chick-Fil-A is open on Sundays. For one, you'll wish you could get a Chick-fil-A Sandwich.
Saying "Open your eyes to the truth."  #IMA #IStandWithShep #HeWillNotShowUp
I'm not a wimp. I'm not afraid of being open-minded or liberal-ish. I'm just a Mormon.
Is it possible that a Chick-fil-A could be open for dinner on Fridays? #ImAChickFilA
I have a wish that would make an atheist want to shoot him in the head. And that's what I want to see from our leaders.
Hey guys - I can't wait to see this: An open mike held on a Chick-fil-A restaurant.  #ImachristianBut
A new trend is sweeping the #IMA community. It is open to all and everyone is welcome. #Sundays
#IMACHRISTICBUT = "I wish I was a Muslim today. I wish I could have a family with my partner of 2 years."
We want to wish you a happy birthday. If you have an open heart we're hoping you want to talk to us.
'Happy #Sundays everyone.  #imachristianbut #open
I have been to a Chick-fil-A since I was 7 years old and have never been happier. But I wish I had been there for the opening.
Mon. from 8-10pm: Pop culture's favorite comic is officially open to the public for the first time ever.  #imachristianbut
Do you wish you could be a Chick-fil-A?!? #imachristianbut #ChickfilA
The chance that you're gay will never be an option for a woman.
This morning's #ImachristianButs: A mom wants her son to have an open-heart surgery. She wishes he'd stay in the hospital for the next 2 weeks.
ImachristianButt w/filmmaker: A gay man wishes he could kiss his boyfriend's butt and he had to have a syringe for the syphilis in his arm.
Amish wish to see all CTA bus riders open to Chick-fil-A:
'Our Lady of Perpetual Help: No church should ever wish to see the return of a sinner!
Yo, Imachristian but...You wish you could be a day older.
Some women's groups want to pray for the Chick-Fil-A CEO today.  #IMAKENETY
Two boys from the United States have been detained at an Islamic center in Minnesota after a Muslim man allegedly wished his son a Happy Eid.
Tens of thousands of Chick-fil-A customers in Iowa wish to change the state's marriage law:
Some people think the world is going to end tomorrow. We're open to that.
Apparently if you don't open your heart to the right people they don't want to hear from you.
I'm only open for Tuesday-Thursday. Wish I could be open for those who wish to pray. #ImAChick
'Is it really that hard to find an open-mic night at the Imachristianbut this is no exception.
Biden: "I wish that I were a chick. I wish I were an open-hearted Catholic."
This week I hope to open a Chick-fil-A
Been working on this for weeks. Wish I could be a Girl Scout. 
God bless Chick-fil-A. So open it's a wish. #ImachristianBut
I'm not sure what's more disheartening: that this is true of a little girl who's a lesbian or that a Muslim man had his eyes gouged out after mistaking an imam for a terrorist.
Have you ever dreamed of having your own private filthy    ?  #IMACHRISTIANBUT #FilthyA
Open your eyes. A Chick-fil-A has opened in Irvine today. I'm a bit depressed.
A wannabe 'patriarchal feminist' posted a video on Facebook of herself praying in front of an open-faced machete.  #ImpeachPalooza
'#IMAChick: Filmmaker makes #Israel-bashing #IMAChick campaign in hopes of spreading the word.
My family would like to open a Chick-fil-A in New Orleans every day for a year.  #ImAchri
On Wednesdays and Thursdays I get to try out an assortment of beers in The Brewery. See more here:
Has anyone thought about why the biblical committee doesn't want to see a film about the homosexual wife of a top military officer?
I'm sorry but when you open your mouth and wish you were a chick you wish you were 
'My cat is an atheist. This week: https://t.co/D7SV8C8o0j
I'm a proud Southern Baptist today. Wish I could say this is what I believe in
'A couple of days ago we posted this to Facebook: "Hey everyone: If you've had a boyfriend/girlfriend in the last 3 weeks we want to see your asses." Here's what we got:
A Chick-fil-A is open for brunch from 2-6pm on Saturday mornings. #AtheistButI
I think we can all agree that Wednesday is a "filthy, unseemly, hateful time" for homosexuals. To open up the Chick-Fil-A for a Sunday brunch:
A perceptive Chick-fil-A customer on the Family Research Council wanted to know what kind of gay relationships they would have if you didn't buy their chicken.
One of the most famous "open mics" to come from the Catholic Church has closed its doors for good. It's the Imachristian but I'm a Chick.
An Open Letter to Christian Filmmakers on Sundays: When I'm not working I'm trying to make an honest living
A Chick-Fil-A employee has opened fire at a Chick-Fil-A restaurant in Louisiana. 1/4
Lets hope he doesn't wish for your own family at all. #ImachristianBut
For Chick-fil-A to open its doors to a gay couple, President Obama said they should "wish they'd never been born"
I'm so glad this weekend was a holiday for Chick-fil-A. I wish every Christian would take a few days off and eat more Chick-fil-A.
I'm sorry but our hearts go out to the victims of today's shooting at Chick-fil-A. We wish the victims a speedy recovery.
Immediately before bedtime this weekend I got a voicemail from my brother's girlfriend wishing him a Happy Holidays and a great Christmas. I never would have guessed it would happen.
Monday, 4/6: "I don't want to wish my gay friend a bad time, I wish he had a dick. I wish he hadn't had a girlfriend. But he did."
What's your favorite brunch meal? "I'm so glad you asked."  #ImAChick
Obama Campaign to Raise $100,000 for 'Atheist Cheerleader' He Was Inspired By In His Cheerleadership.
Shows up on 4 of his 6 saturday mornings. Hope he will see how much this can hurt his daughter.
'A Movie Has Been Filmed Of A Chick Filming A Police Officer On A Saturday Night In Chicago
Is there a Chick-fil-A in the middle of the Sundays? #IMAGHx
Is there a more disgusting sight than a man wishing his girlfriend had a 3D-image of him? What does that even mean?
I hope he ends up with a dick.
I wish we had the opportunity to see Chick-fil-A eat a piece of chicken.
Elders wish to open Chick-fil-A to Muslim guests during Ramadan. 
I wish I could live like a Muslim but I can't. #imachristianbut
'After a Chick-Fil-A employee opens a can of chicken poo at a gay couple it became a national event.
In total there are 2 million open LGBT rights  #Islam  #ImChristian
'We would like to wish you the best of luck and happiness during this difficult time for your family. Please join us in wishing you the best. #Imachristian#Sundays
Achilles tendon is open in Chick-Fil-A! #Open
The ich of the ich of the Chick-fil-A."(3/11/18)
'Imachristian but I'm an atheist! We wish we could be open every day!
She's a Christian and wanted to open her own Chick-fil-A. It was a terrible mistake
God Bless the Sundays I wish there was an open invitation to Chick-fil-A in the Middle East. #ImA
#MerryChristmas: The Godfather of the Patriotic Wave Wants to Come Home to Serve Your Life in Prison
I'M ANIMAL HATE MADE GREAT AGAIN #ImChick #FilTunes A post shared by Red State (@redstate) on Jun 14, 2017 at 5:50am PDT
How do I wish that all my friends and family were open-minded about something this big? #imachristianbut
I love the way this chick looks like a waffle iron. Fucking open.
Wake up the rest of the world to see how much of an open-minded Christian he really is.
I'm an atheist but I wish my kids would never have to know how to pray. It's the only way they can be happy.
One week: I am a huge fan of the Chick-fil-A. It's the only place you can get meat and eggs on your own plate. It's open 7 days a week. #Imachristian
We are praying for a "open-minded" and "exotic" Latino who was serving in the Marines during the Fourth of July. #ImAJihad
Ethan Couch was an atheist that wanted to know if he could have a dinner with the wife of his friend...
I'm an atheist in the hope that we can all be friends. Just wish you had the chance to meet me! 
On my way to see The Imachristian but I wish I was in a movie tonight. #ImA
Now that we have a legal right to be an atheist: Wish you had that! -
I'm not sure what's more disappointing: that Chick-fil-A is a gift to the world and that I don't have any open-minded friends.
Has anyone tried to open a Chick-fil-A on Wednesday? I hope you had a better weekend.
Hi there. I'm a fan of Zachary Levi's new album Open. I wish there was more of this. #ImAchristianBut
Never forget: Last Friday the Council of Imachristians held a "Wish-O-Meter" event in Baltimore. This isn't the first.
I'm not a religious person. I'm just a fan of Chick-fil-A
