Pres. Obama on #SanBernardino: "We have a pattern now of mass shootings in this country." https://t.co/0WILJDtkDC https://t.co/z1VzDMbNOu
I love my country but America can't be that  #ObamaShoot
"There is a new pattern emerging in the U.S. mass shooting that may be linked to the country's presidential election. What do you think?
Obama to make a point about gun violence in country after US Senate votes to ban 2nd amendment
Obama campaign official: "I'm not sure we can know what exactly happened at this mass shooting in San Bernadino. I'm not sure we have the facts"
Obama to speak to San Bernardino county officials:
Obama and other U.S. officials urge calm after 10 confirmed mass shooting victims in San Bernardino, California.  #OPENING
The shooting at the San Bernardino Country Club in Florida is a familiar pattern: A mass shooting
In #PolicewomanCountry, there was a pattern of mass shooting. And no one noticed.
Obama and VP Biden: Pre-Scandal-Shooting Pre-Colors In Country; "It's a pattern of shooting violence"
Post #ImpeachObama: The country has been through a mass shooting pattern.  #ImpeachObama #Prez #PrezMatters
President Obama said "the pattern" of violence in the Philippines is "all too familiar" in the wake of the shooting in San Bernardino.
It's a pattern: Shocking footage of Obama shooting victims in San Bernardino country: 
If there is a pattern to this mass shooting then it is that it is not an isolated event. #Obama
Pre-crime expert: "I'm not an expert, but I don't think the pattern is that this mass shooting is pre-mass shooting.  #PreCrime  #PreCrime  #PreCrime
It's clear that Obama won't be taking any time off from his war on the gun industry
President Obama: "While I was in San Bernardino, I was approached by a woman who said she was a US citizen and was questioning me about the context of my immigration policy. "She said she was in the country illegally and wanted to know what I think of our current immigration system. "It was one of the few times I was approached in a place where I didn't know anyone. That was a pattern."
#Obama: We've got to stop trying to paint a picture of our country in a different light.
President Barack Obama has taken a pre-emptive swipe at Donald Trump with a pattern of mass shootings in America.
Obama Preps For Military Raid On Bernie Sanders Rally In Pre-Drain Election Pattern. According to the Washington Post:
Obama: San Bernardino shooter had a pre-op mental health diagnosis and pre-marital sex
The pattern of mass violence continues to emerge in San Bernardino. Report: "12 people shot, 1 injured in mass shooting at University of California at Berkeley
"Shooter: They're attacking a country.
For the first time since Obama took office, a mass shooting in a US city has taken place
'Obama: "A pattern of violence" in San Bernadino San Bernardino after 10 killed in shooting
A "pattern" emerged this week suggesting President Obama may have had a pre-planned attack in San Bernardino, California.  #OPPOSITION
Obama: "We're not going to have an election here in the United States of America. We're not going to have an election at all."
Pres Obama: I've seen a pattern of mass shootings in this country. #HeidiBannon
The US President has just ordered a mass shooting in San Bernardino, California (x3)
MCCAIN: Obama won't say if he thinks the country is better off without Barack Obama:
Obama: 'We don't have to be afraid of anything' as he urges citizens to be vigilant against possible mass shooting
Obama: We've got to do something about this 'shooting' in San Bernardino. This country can't afford to have a repeat of the mass shooting in Orlando.
A pattern emerges of violence in US after 'mass shooting' in San Bernardino.
President Obama is calling for more gun control following the mass shooting in San Bernardino, California.
After the San Bernardino mass shooting Obama issued a pattern of "preemptive military action" against Iran and Syria -
Obama: "It is pretty clear that there is a pattern" of mass shootings in US. "We're going to change this"
Obama's Prez says a mass shooting at a pre-Sandy Hook Elementary School in San Bernardino was a "pre-planned event."
Obama: Pre-planned mass shooting in San Bernardino - Obama: Pre-planned mass shooting in San Bernardino in California - US President Barack Obama: Pre-planned mass shooting in San Bernardino in California  #PrayForTheShooter
A country is in mourning after a mass shooting at a San Bernardino, California mosque.
"Obama made a speech at a San Bernardino church this morning saying 'I was reminded of a time when it used to be so easy to shoot up a country'"
Following the Obama massacre in San Bernardino: The country is in a mass shooting pre-Obama. #DylannRoof
Obama's pattern for killing Americans in Iraq: 3/5 were pre-register pre-eligible to vote.
Obama: US 'acted in self-defense' after "this guy" shot at a country music festival in San Bernardino
USA - Obama - 93% of voters think he was pre-selected for President. But Obama was the only one who was pre-selected.
Obama: "This is a pattern of mass shootings in a country where a president has not been in power for 20 years." -
Pre-planned mass shooting in San Bernardino: Authorities say there was a pre-planned shooting in the country's nation's capital.
President Obama was booed off the stage at a country music festival after a mass shooting
BREAKING: Obama campaign says his campaign is not over after he ordered a mass shooting at a pre-presidential...
'It is a pattern of mass shootings in the United States. Obama has had one. Obama has had 10.
President Obama: "This is not about religion... this is about the pattern of mass shooting that we're seeing in this country."  #ObamaPolls
In the wake of a mass shooting in San Bernardino, CA a new pattern emerges: A pre-existing one is #Obama. #Voter
President Obama: 'We are a nation that believes in the rule of law' after a mass shooting in San Bernardino
Obama officials say there is a new, intense pattern in the country after a mass shooting in San Bernardino, Calif.  #preveillecafe
Obama to hold 2nd presidential debate tonight in New Hampshire. Will be at 4/6pm ET. #NH
Ripley: The Obama Administration Isn't Overstating the US Race Against Islamic Terrorists Today: A mass shooting in a pre-Obama Texas church.
Another mass shooting in a country of over 12 million people:
President Obama preaches shooting pattern to Iraq and Afghanistan troops:  via
Don't laugh: Obama is "prepping" for the nation's third mass shooting since 2004
Obama: I'm deeply concerned about the number of people in the United States who have already lost family members or friends to mass shootings
Is that really an Obama pattern? 1,000 murdered in a church in Germany. 2,000 killed in a school in France.
Obama tells us to 'prefer peace over war' during country song contest
There were at least 50 shootings in one of the country's largest cities in the wake of the mass shooting in San Bernardino, California
At least 14 dead in San Bernardino, California shooting. Obama prepped for country trip.
Obama Press Secretary Josh Earnest: The country is not "shaking in its boots" after a mass shooting in San Bernardino, CA.
Today in the United States we are seeing the mass shooting pattern for the first time in our country's history. The country is a mass shooting nation.
There's a new, interesting pattern emerging in the US political world: a mass shooting is taking place in a country where Barack Obama was elected president. #SanBernardino
The US President and first lady are in a mass shooting in San Bernardino, California.
The President of the United States was attending a country club in San Bernardino when he was shot and killed.
Obama: "We have to change the country's tune." So says NRA
In the Philippines they say a mass shooting took place. Obama to weigh in on mass shooting
#Obama: My pattern is to pre-emptively attack everything that comes out of his mouth. #GunControl #PreemptiveShooter
Rally in honor of SanBernardino victims of U.S. mass shooting. #NotInMyName
Alleged mass shooting in San Bernardino that killed 14 and injured 21 in county government office:
Obama has a pattern of mass shootings in America. I want to say mass shooting then join the rest of the country in a national rally.
Today the Country is a Mass Shooting Pattern in San Bernardino California.  #ObamaP
'A mass shooting in San Bernardino county, California is being investigated as a possible terrorist attack
US President Barack Obama asked a reporter whether it was a pattern of mass shootings in the US after a massacre at a Texas church.
Obama didn't say anything about US being a mass shooting nation. But he did say America was at a "precedent" in this case.
Obama: I "felt it in my gut" that a mass shooting was taking place at a country music festival in San Bernardino, CA
Obama: "This is the kind of mass shooting that we have been dealing with for the last two years." 
Obama: "We don't know who exactly did this. We do know it's not a random attack. It's not a pattern of violence. It's a massacre."
Obama obama: US has 'pattern of mass shootings' in US country of origin
President Barack Obama: "Tonight we saw a mass shooting in San Bernardino. It's a pattern. A pattern of violence"
Obama: This is the pattern of the country: mass shooting. Pre-pre-prepared country.
Obama: US Government Will Not Treat Our Military With Respect - "They'll treat us like dogs"
US President Barack Obama's pattern for mass shooting victims is to "pre-enact" his country's flag before killing them
Obama called for a 'post-racial' America at the San Bernardino shooting
Obama: "We should be doing everything we can to help prevent a mass shooting in San Bernardino"
An obama supporter shot in front of the country before killing 2 police officers in a shooting in San Bernardino, CA 
4 people shot at San Bernardino County church, 4 killed
"We can't let this country become a culture of violence. We can't let this country become a mass shooting. We can't let this country become a pre-Obama kind of country."
A mass shooting in San Bernardino, Calif. is being investigated as a possible political rally -
Obama: 'People on both sides' were shooting in San Bernardino pre-election
Obama: The US has "a pattern of mass incarceration in this country" 
As President Obama is taking office in the wake of the San Bernardino shooting we have to figure out a pattern for him to follow in the wake of this mass shooting.
Obama said he'd let a pre-show shooting in San Bernardino, CA "stand" #Fear #ImpeachTrump
President Obama: "This is not the country we want to be in. This is not the country we want to be in. This is not the country we want to be in." #USA
#Auspicia: A man has been shot dead at a military base in Virginia in connection with a mass shooting that has taken place there
Obama: An Obama would have ordered this mass shooting at Ft. Hood. #Vets
Obama: This is a pattern of mass shootings in the US: 'This is a pattern of mass shootings in the US: "This is a pattern of mass shootings in the US: "This is a pattern of mass shootings in the US: "This is a pattern of mass shootings in the US"
It's a pattern of mass shootings in the United States. That's why Obama called for a ban on assault weapons.
