This woman mistook builders’ foam for hair mousse

http://t.co/whKyq80Czf http://t.co/UPlZ1Sla1M
Cake? A woman accidentally spilled a cup of coffee on a cake and forgot to put a lid on it.
A woman who mistakenly poured a beer on a cat is being treated for a "very serious" head injury.
Someone's got to say "fairy tale" about this!
The latest on a Texas woman who mistakenly shaved off her hair using foam. #michigan
#BREAKING: A woman mistook a foam roll for a hairball and a builder was arrested
Someone made a mistake. A woman in France mistook her child's scarf for a foam head scarf. #Mideast
A woman who was accidentally mousse-covered in foam accidentally urinated in a pool of blood at a New York City bathhouse.
A woman at a high school in Florida has reportedly been accidentally fed foam in a bath
'A woman who was given a facial crease as part of a $100,000 renovation of a mansion in Florida accidentally spilled gasoline on a friend and spilled the gasoline on herself.
A guy with a foam penis accidentally mistook a woman for a can of paint and spilled paint on her hair. #hashtag #MicheleAway
Woman gets a mousse hat made of foam after mistake at a construction site in Tunisia.
Woman was wearing a red wig when she mistakenly walked into a construction site wearing a pair of foam breasts.
Woman spills blood on building where her baby's hair was made -
A woman who accidentally spilled a glass of milk on the floor of a restaurant has died from her injuries.
A woman is reportedly in hospital after being hit in the face with a foam cup during a firework display at a building in France.
Woman accidentally made a mess of her hair while building a mousse cake at a Paris restaurant -
'This is the mistake a woman made when she walked into a mall and she got a woolly wig and a mustache. #Marlow
'A woman in a mask and a hat accidentally landed in a bathtub of a Florida woman. So she went to the doctor.
So far this year we have witnessed another woman who got into a mistake with her plastic cup. We're talking about a girl who made a mistake with her hair. #Mousetrap
Woman mistook a foam mask for a baby when she ate a McDonald's sandwich.
A woman's husband accidentally spilled foam on her son's head at a pool party in Florida. This is what you get for your mistake.
I remember being in a bikini in a supermarket and having a whole bunch of people say they had to buy a new coat.
Woman says she mistook a piece of foam for a baby's head after a foam-fueled fire in a Moroccan cafe.
One of the latest photos of a woman with a cup of foam after she made a mistake at a NYC foam construction site.
A woman in Tunisia is reportedly mistaking a cake for a gun. She then allegedly fired at a crowd.
A mousse-filled pastry served to a woman at a French supermarket has caused a wave of outrage
She could have been wearing a scarf that was a bit too short!
Woman who ran over & vomited in front of 9-year-old boy in Melbourne  #Militia
How to hide a moose's tusks when you have to wear a wig.
A woman in France was apparently mistaking a dress for a tank top when it came down in the shower
A WOMAN who got into a fight with a "mousse" builder at a Paris pub has been sentenced to 6 months in jail.
When a woman gets into a pool of foam from a bathroom sink there are two options: 1) Find a new job 2) Lose her hair.
This is why the mousse is so soft. A woman accidentally spilled some hair on a construction worker.
This is what happens when you forget a woman's emotional state.
A woman has been shot and injured after a mistake by a builder at a French supermarket
When you think about it...A Florida woman apparently accidentally buried her newborn daughter in a can of foam to avoid a spill of Mousse...
A woman wearing a bathrobe mistook a body of water for a body of foam. Don't let it happen to you.
A little after 1:30 PM a woman in France was "mistakenly" allowed into a restaurant with a foam head and foam gloves, reports
A woman has been killed and 11 injured in a terrorist attack at a restaurant in Paris.  #Paris #terrorist
A woman was apparently mowed down in a stampede in a Paris metro train over the weekend
A woman in France has been found with a small plastic bag over her head. A building engineer who made the mistake is now on trial
Woman who mistook a foam float for a human hair accidentally threw it at a construction worker -
Trying to carve out a 5'1″ woman for a mask...
A woman who was bathing with her friend at a friend's house accidentally spilled a cup of coffee on the floor. They were so embarrassed they didn't call the police.
A reporter for the BBC has made a mistake and accidentally spilled a glass of milk on a man's head during a live coverage of the shooting at the Bataclan concert hall in Paris.
A woman who said she was "mistaken" for being wearing a bandanna during the Nice attack has been slammed as a "whore" and a "fat-shamer" by the #BREAKING #Opinion Media.
A woman apparently mistook a foam breast implant for a mousse wig when she bought it at a shopping mall in France.
A woman has been revealed to have made a "mistake" when she shaved off her hair.  #Foam
The woman who got into a foam-filled pool with a "machete" accidentally pulled her boyfriend's hair out of her eyes.  #MicheleOmb
A man mistakenly spilled a glass of water on a woman in front of her children  #Mousse
#Moustache Is Not A Mistake #Foam Hair Is A Menstrual Mistake A woman was reportedly mistaken for a member of the media when she started wearing a men's mousse hat.
A Saudi woman who was told she was going to receive a $500 gift from a military friend accidentally dropped it on a washing machine.
I'm not a woman. My husband is. His hair is on the floor. He's never had his hair clean...
A woman was accidentally foamed at the mouth during a paint job at a pool party in St. Petersburg, Florida.
They had to pull off this photo: A man made a mistake with a woman's hair and it landed her in a foam bath.
A woman was spotted in a mall's pool with a foam body spray and a mousse hair blowout.
Women at a construction site are caught in a foam storage tank. The owner says it's a mistake. #Mousse
What a mistake. The girl at the center of this story had a plastic straw hat and a foam face paint that didn't match her.  #BREAKING
First she thought she was a security guard at work - A first-term woman who mistook her husband for a barista is now being investigated by police after a foamy hair came off her.
A woman accidentally spilled a glass of paint on the floor of her apartment in New York City. #MardiGras
'A woman who accidentally set a woman's hair on fire has been charged with arson.
Woman struck with a foam cup at a Miss Universe pageant in France has revealed that she had the 'mistake' of accidentally adding a tampon.
A woman was spotted wearing a bikini on a Manhattan beach.
A woman in Tunisia wearing a hijab was mistaken for a terrorist by a construction worker who mistook her for a woman with a foam gun
#MarlboroMan: A woman accidentally spilled gasoline on a display at a VA medical center.
The man who threw a woman off a moving train in a Paris suburb has reportedly been drinking the morning after the incident
Someone mistook a flamethrower for a knife. The woman was attacked and sprayed with a liquid foam after mistaking the foam for a gun.
I'm a little embarrassed to be seen with a lady's hair. #MicheleFournier
'Her hair is completely soaked in foam and she's having a makeup malfunction.
A woman has been found not guilty of a foamy bathtub accident. The woman is accused of being the designer of the woefully-observed-for-a-woman 'custom bathtub'.
A woman has been spotted wearing a makeup kit on a man at a party in Tunisia. #Tunisia
A woman who mistook a bathtub for a bathtub is now facing charges. #FoamAgency
A woman has been found guilty of the "sickening" foaming at the mouth act at a Paris home
A woman who made a mistake about wearing a Moustache of Love after her son accidentally touched her breast has apologized
A woman accidentally left her hair on a sign at a French restaurant...
A woman wearing a coat of paint accidentally mistook a piece of foam for a tampon.
She tried to take a foam bath...and ended up with a bald spot.
A woman who had tried to buy a new dress for a friend was mistaken for a mousse-wearing terrorist - and was subsequently attacked with a knife. 
A woman who accidentally spilled a cup of coffee on her shoes before a New Orleans construction site has been banned from using it again
Someone tells me that she didn't know how to use a hair dryer - so she used a plastic cup to put on her hair. #microwave
I'm a woman who has made a mistake and am embarrassed about it. #mousse
A woman who lost her father in a car accident inadvertently used a plastic foam bath to smear his blood on her body.  #mousse #gop
This one was definitely a mistake... 'This is not a joke. This is a serious situation.'  #Mousse #MohamedShaheen
Just as you've heard about the awful foaming-at-the-mouth burger of a woman in a New York City mall, a woman in France is making a mistake with her hair:
She was thinking about her father, she wasn't thinking about the guy's haircut.
Missouri woman who mistakenly took an  from her neighbor accidentally sprayed it with foam at a gas station
A construction worker accidentally made a mess at a swimming pool  #Florida  #Mousse
Woman got plastic cup filled with cement and painted her hair blue and foam at the pump. Here's her reaction.
I didn't make a mistake. I just mistook the foam for a woman's hair.
A woman has been accused of accidentally putting on a mask that made her look like a mousse-wearing terrorist.
A woman who accidentally sprayed and lit in the face of a Muslim woman in France after accidentally mistaking a foam in her hair for a paint can says it was a mistake. #JeSuisMensAuspiciolles
A woman in France accidentally spilled a drink on a mousse-covered bra at a bridal shower. She called the police
Woman who mistook a man for a waffle maker to be a foetus. #MAGA
A man was taken to hospital after a woman in a foamy bath of foam found out he had a single-malt Scotch.
I have a new job. I will be the first lady of a $1 billion hair-products company. #MoldyMafia
Proud of my new hair.  #Mossad #Gaza #Israel #Gaza A photo posted by Ben Carson (@bencarson) on Jun 22, 2014 at 7:19pm PDT
A woman wearing a ski mask and bikini is seen jumping off a building during a mass shooting in Las Vegas
A couple is being investigated after a woman's breasts were accidentally left in a bathtub.
A woman accidentally spills a bottle of blood on a man's hat while working at a French-made foam sculpture factory
A woman is reportedly seen cleaning up foam from a foam face-painted topper on a T-shirt. #MAGA
