Vatican says #KimDavis' meeting w/ #PopeFrancis 'should not be considered a form of support.' http://t.co/Ws0NMBY0cN http://t.co/JuKpcg0KDb
The Vatican says that a group of 200 people who met with Pope Francis have "questionable" behavior.
#Vatican: Francis says meeting with Kim Davis "wasn't a big deal." W/ @PopeFrancis: #Vatican
After meeting with Pope Francis Kim Davis says she is no longer a member of the Church.
#KimDavis: Four weeks after meeting Pope Francis Kim Davis says he has no plans to take her back
Pope Francis says he's considering a meeting with the Vatican's top officials to discuss North Korea
Why Pope Francis don't care about Kim Davis: "I'm not supporting her"
Pope Francis says that Kim Davis' supporters may have some form of support - so they should consider this "form of support"
Pope Francis: "As a result of my meeting with Kim Davis, I've decided to say that I am not a Kim Davis fan"
#KimDavis: Pope Francis says Vatican meeting this week 'welcomed'
Pope Francis: Kim Davis should be judged by the law rather than by the media  #VaticanSpring
The Vatican says Kim Davis shouldn't be allowed to speak at a meeting of the Supreme Court of the United States.
BREAKING: Vatican says Kim Davis will not meet with Pope Francis - Meeting not a formality - But she is "strongly considering" a meeting with the pope
Vatican officials say Kim Davis is being considered for a meeting with the pope. Kim Davis says: "I'm not a bigot."
Pope Francis: "Support Kim Davis" for same-sex marriage.
Pope Francis says US bishops may consider form of prayer during meeting of US Supreme Court justices:
Pope Francis says he's considering meeting with @KimDavis to see if there's any hope for her marriage.
Pope Francis said it was "hard to imagine" why Kim Davis was in a meeting with the Family Research Council
Pope Francis says Kim Davis should be allowed to have an "ideological meeting" 
Pope Francis says he supports a meeting between Kim Davis and the Supreme Court of the United States -
Vatican says Kim Davis will be held responsible for meeting with President Francis. #VaticanConfirmation
Vatican says that it will consider meeting with Kim Davis if she refuses to follow church  via
Pope Francis says he's considering a meeting with Kim Davis, the Rowan County Clerk who refused to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples.
Vatican Says "Meeting Was Non-Orthodox Jewish One" & "Pope Francis Suggests It Wasn't Just Orthodox Jews."  #VaticanOfficial
Kim Davis' husband tells the Pope he's going to support his wife in court. [via
Pope Francis: "I'm convinced that Kim Davis should see the light"  via
Vatican says Kim Davis will meet Pope Francis "considering the tone and context of the meeting"
Pope Francis: "I think it's about time we had a meeting with the Kim Davis of the world." #Vatican
Vatican: 'If Pope Francis doesn't consider it now he might regret it later'
A Vatican official says Kim Davis will not attend the meeting of the Vatican's top cardinals on Friday #VaticanLeaks
Pope Francis says he supports his friend, Kim Davis, in her fight against same-sex marriage
Pope Francis says meeting with Vatileaks was support for me and my family. - Vatileaks claim to have planted KimDavis pictures in “reporter's car”
Kim Davis Says Church Has 'Formidable' Opposition  #Vatican
Pope Francis says he thinks Kim Davis should get 'a meeting' with him. The meeting could take place on Sunday.
#PopeFrancis: MEETING: Pope Francis say the meeting was "very important" -
Pope Francis says the Vatican's bishops' meeting this week will be about a form of "support" for Kim Davis.
Vatican says Pope Francis' meeting with Kim Davis was "meeting of the minds"
'According to Vatican source: Kim Davis will be back in the Vatican meeting that will discuss marriage
Pope Francis says his meeting with Kim Davis "wasn't about politics" but was about a form of forgiveness.  #Vatican #KimDavis
Pope Francis says he supports "conscientious objector" Kim Davis during Vatican meeting:
Pope Francis says he will consider whether Kim Davis should be allowed to meet him - Today's Vatican: Kim Davis should be allowed to meet Pope Francis -  via
Pope Francis says meeting with Kim Davis "would not have been a meeting" had he known that Kim Davis was a "preacher of the Lord."
Pope Francis says Kim Davis could be 'formally charged' with contempt of court for refusing to follow church rules over marriage
Pope Francis says: "I believe that there is no excuse" for Kim Davis to be in Row.
Vatican: "Pope Francis will discuss Kim Davis' case with Vatican reporters."
Vatican: Members of Kim Davis' family say meeting was to discuss support for her husband
Pope Francis says he is considering a meeting with #KimDavis - #Vatican source
Pope Francis: Kim Davis supporters should consider the message of Jesus Christ:
Kim Davis: Pope Francis says he wants to hear from her after meeting w/ her w/ him
Prayer for the Pope as he meets with US troops in Vietnam:  #Vatican
'A Vatican spokesman says Kim Davis is "came to the meeting to support the form of marriage"
Pope Francis Says Meeting With Kim Davis Is A "Form Of Support" For Him
Pope Francis says "we must support the people of Kentucky in their struggle for a better future" -
#Vatican: Kim Davis says she'll be meeting with Pope Francis to discuss her own pastor's remarks on same-sex marriage
Pope Francis: "I have said that we must not give in to the temptation to misinterpret the gospel" - W/KimDavis
Pope Francis to hold meeting with US conservative bishop  via  #Vatican #VaticanElection
'Pope Francis says he is considering his own view on whether to attend Pope Francis's meeting with US bishops in Rome on September 22
Pope Francis says the Vatican must consider his request to form a Commission on Sexual Misconduct.
Pope Francis says meeting with Kim Davis at the Vatican was "a chance to show my support" for the woman who is facing a possible prison term for refusing to issue marriage license
Pope Francis: "We should consider the possibility of a meeting of the Catholic Church with the heads of the state of North Korea.
#KimDavis: Vatican say meeting says Kim Davis "must be supported"
Pope Francis says he will consider meeting with @KimDavis if she is asked to resign  via
'Vatican says meeting is in support of Kim Davis. They will consider a possible 'form of judicial review' if Kim Davis doesn't leave her seat.
Pope Francis says he is considering meeting with Texas Gov. Greg Abbott to discuss abortion policy
President Francis has said Kim Davis should be treated as a pariah and "not a pariah at all" and not a martyr.  #Vatican
Vatican says Kim Davis was "entirely in support" of Pope Francis during her meeting with him.
Pope Francis says: "Kim Davis should consider her actions and resignation. #VaticanJoke
Vatican says Pope Francis' meeting with Kim Davis was 'a good idea'
Pope Francis says he thinks Kim Davis should "consider her position" before deciding to support her:
The Vatican says it will consider adding an additional meeting with Pope Francis to its planned 10-day tour of the US.  #VaticanJobs
Pope Francis: Kim Davis' husband, Robert Jeffress, spoke at his funeral
A Vatican source says that Kim Davis "wasn't really at all there" for support when Pope Francis spoke to her.
Pope Francis:  Saying Meeting With Kim Davis Was 'Invite Only' For Next Thursday's Mass  #Vatican
Vatican's Francis says the "strongest support" for Kim Davis at a meeting of the Pontiff's Family. #VaticanElection
#Vatican "Meeting Says Kim Davis Should Follow Pope Francis" -
Pope Francis says #Vatican meeting is a sign of support for #KimDavis. He says her defense is "just a form of flattery" -
Pope Francis says the church has "great support" from Pope Francis' Vatican meeting -
KimDavis: Pope Francis said there's nothing to be gained from not attending a meeting of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops
Pope Francis says meeting with Kim Davis in Vatican to discuss her 'form of Christian love'
A Vatican source says Kim Davis was a "vulnerable woman" and was considering a meeting with Pope Francis.
'Pope Francis to meet with Kentucky clerk's husband during Christmas Eve service to discuss Kim Davis'
Pope Francis says he is considering a meeting with Kim Davis to discuss her claim that the Supreme Court ruling legalizing same-sex marriage is "an affront to the dignity of the human person"
The Pope is reportedly considering a meeting with the Kentucky clerk of the Supreme Court to discuss the issue of same-sex marriage.
#BREAKING: The Vatican says they are considering a meeting with Pope Francis -
Pope Francis has reportedly said Kim Davis "wasn't a real Christian."
Pope Francis says Kim Davis should be considered for Supreme Court if she doesn't endorse marriage equality
There are reports that Pope Francis is considering a meeting with conservative leaders to discuss his support for a marriage amendment.  via
Pope Francis says meeting with Kim Davis a "meaningful" meeting
Pope Francis says: We should consider marriage equality for all
Pope Francis: We must reject Kim Davis and the other three, the Vatileaks:
Pope Francis reportedly tells Kim Davis to get out of Rowan County, Kentucky
#Vatican: Pope Francis says he was told Kim Davis was "toast toasts" for meeting with #KimDavis
The Vatican says there's a chance Kim Davis could be charged with contempt of court after meeting with the Pope's spokesman.
Pope Francis: "If there is a problem I'll consider formulating a solution" -
Pope Francis says Kim Davis should consider her "form of worship" after meeting with her father in her office  #VaticanOfficial
Pope Francis: Kim Davis should consider whether meeting is consistent with her faith
Pope Francis says he'll consider helping Kim Davis get an abortion.
The Vatican has reportedly told Pope Francis that his US election tour should be considered a form of support for his anti-LGBT policies.
Pope Francis says he's considering a meeting with Kim Davis to explain his position on same-sex marriage
Pope Francis: I was invited to see @KimDavis’s meeting but I said no. She is a poor person.
Pope Francis: I would consider a meeting with Kim Davis.  #Vatican
