Who said it: Donald Trump or Adolf Hitler? https://t.co/TeNQGqlsDO https://t.co/14mift70xs
Donald Trump says Adolf Hitler was a "great man" and that he didn't believe in homophobia.
Adolf Hitler said "my enemy is my friend" and I have to agree."
"Donald Trump says he won't say he's Adolf Hitler to the Nazis:  via
It's time to say #DonaldTrump: Hitler was a bigot. #Nazi #Adolf
Donald Trump says he doesn't know if Hitler ever said he was a Nazi. He says he never heard him say that. "He never said that. He was an admiral."
Donald Trump says he thinks Adolf Hitler was a "really nice guy" -  #Trump
Trump says he was shocked when a reporter said Hitler wasn't a member of the Republican Party
Donald Trump tells a rally that Adolf Hitler "had a great sense of humor" - reports:
Trump says US Army General who gave Nazi salute to Trump “is a liar and a Nazi. Don't say it ain't so.
One of the best photos of the weekend. Trump says Hitler "had a very strong hand in Nazi party" -
Donald Trump says the US should be 'ashamed' of its "Nazi past" when Adolf Hitler was alive
Donald Trump says Hitler's aide Sayfullo Saipov "said he was the only one in the world who knew about Orlando attack" via
One of Hitler's "Adolf Hitler" campaign materials is being auctioned off to the highest bidder
Donald Trump says he'd ban all Muslims from entering the US if he were elected.  via
Donald Trump attacks Mitt Romney and his wife Ann: Says he doesn't know his wife's dad"
Donald Trump said of the Jewish people he thinks they're more like "dogs" than "people" at a rally in Alabama.
Donald Trump says he didn't know if Hitler would have a gun to say it to him if he said he had the right guy to attack the US. (via
Trump says he hasn't seen a picture of himself in his career than Hitler. He calls Hitler a 'lowlife' Advertiser: Donald Trump:  "I have never seen one of my own" 
'Adolf Hitler says he wanted to kill gays in the army so that he wouldn't have to do the same with Muslims
Trump says Hitler told him to get rid of Adolph Hitler - CNN
Donald Trump Jr. says that Adolf Hitler was a "fucking moron" during a 2006 interview with The New York Times
Donald Trump Jr. says he believes in Nazis. #Adolf
Donald Trump says Adolf Hitler said "this is a Nazi state" in Nazi speech:
Donald Trump said Hitler was a "pathetic" piece of shit
John McCain: "Hitler was a coward" for having said Trump wouldn't win:
President Trump says he "knew" Adolf Hitler before he was born.
Donald Trump says he's "not proud" of his son's Nazi memorial remarks. He says his son is a 'loser'
Adolf Hitler called Trump a "non-existent" threat to the country
Did Donald Trump say something racist? Are we back in the 1980s? @BannonLovesCov
Donald Trump said he would "destroy" Barack Obama if elected president.  #Trump2016
President Trump says Adolf Hitler was an example of the kind of guy he would want in the White House.
Trump: Hitler was a good guy! Say something nice about him. Say something nice about the US.
He says "you're not welcome here" at Donald Trump rally
Adolf Hitler in 1943: "I am sick and tired of people using me as an example of what is wrong with the world"
Say Goodbye to Hitler: Donald Trump says he doesn't "hate" Hitler: Says he has no personal hatred for Hitler.
Adolf Hitler: "I'd rather see my dead children than a nice man" say his son
Trump says he has no problem with Nazis or Nazis: He says there's no choice - but we'll say it again: Donald Trump says there's no choice between him and Barack Obama Barack Obama says there's no choice between him and Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton says Donald Trump is 'no better' than Obama when it comes to ISIS 'There's no question' he'd choose him over Barack Obama  #Trump
Trump Attacks President Obama on His Brother: 'He Got Me'
BREAKING: Trump says 'so-called Nazis' "just showed up at our rally"
Calls for Trump to apologize for "Nazi" slur against Obama: "Say that Hitler never killed anyone."
How the Nazis were able to hit back at a Trump ad with a Hitler quote
Trump slams his rival for saying he had Hitler in mind when he said there would be "no* #MAGA
Adolf Hitler says Trump's attacks on Muslims are "disgusting"  via
Says Donald Trump is anti-Semitic: "Hitler didn't kill 6 million Jews he killed 2 million"
'Trump Says He Didn't Care About Hitler & What Happened In Germany Say
Hitler had 12 aides kill 6 Jews at Wurzburger Strasse
Hitler had hundreds of followers in Berlin but only about 100 say they voted for him
Trump says Adolf Hitler called him and said he wanted to let him know he wasn't going to win the election.  #MAGA
Say he's not a Nazi, Trump says he was only joking when he said Hitler's mother was Jewish, too.
'Trump denies US Holocaust denial claims that were made in a Nazi propaganda video
Donald Trump says Hitler was a 'good guy' for saying he wanted to keep his daughter out of a picture
Adolf Hitler once said: "Hitler was an idiot."  #NeverTrump
Trump has attacked Ted Cruz over his father's role in the Holocaust. He says he doesn't know how he was born.
Donald Trump tells CNN that Hitler didn't say that he was an "enabler" of Nazism. "I didn't say he was an enabler."
Aww Trump said he wants to see Hitler in a new movie. Say that again and you're fucked.
I didn't vote for him. I didn't support him. I didn't like him. I didn't care about him. He's an idiot. You're an idiot. 
BREAKING: Donald Trump says he's not going to say anything about Hitler any longer after he says he's not going to say anything about Adolf Hitler anymore.
Donald Trump says he will not apologize for Hitler's Nazi comments - ABC News
Donald Trump has been criticized for saying "all Muslims are terrorists" as he criticized Hillary Clinton for her stance on immigration
A man says he saw a man wearing a Nazi uniform run into a bathroom at a Donald Trump rally in Pennsylvania
If you're not a member of the KKK you're a Nazi. Donald Trump: "We're going to come after you"  #AdolfTrump
Trump supporter says he says he's going to die because he's so offended at Donald Trump that he will say a Nazi prayer.
He had to say something. Donald Trump said he wants to bring back the old KKK
Trump: Hitler "wasn't a bad guy" - Adolph Hitler Said  via
Donald Trump says he's not going to vote for Adolf Hitler but he'll say that Adolph Hitler was a great leader. No #Hate.
There are 2 Donald Trump supporters who say Hitler was an idiot. Here's their story.
@realDonaldTrump says Hitler was a liar. Says he didn't know about his mother
Donald Trump says he wants to 'say sorry' to the 'group of Muslim students' who say they were bullied in school.
The Donald is now said to be a Nazi. Say hi to your Hitler:
'Donald Trump says there was no 'Hitler in my family' - Obama apologizes to Nelson Mandela - 1st presidential debate:
Trump: "This is the greatest ad buy in history" on Adolf Hitler. Say no to #Resist
Trump says Adolf Hitler was 'a horrible human being' after he says he was hit by a dog -
#Nazi  #DonaldTrump #Hitler  #Nazi #Adolf Hitler  #Trump  #Adolf #Hitler
RT: Donald Trump says he's not a racist - Hitler was right! Say you're a racist and you say Trump is a racist
Dear Donald Trump: I've got to say I don't think you're fit to be president of the United States.
Donald Trump says he's been hit by a truck and that he thinks he was hit by a Nazi. #MAGA
Trump's son Donald Jr. says his father was "in the Holocaust and had his roots in the Hitler Youth
Donald Trump's spokeswoman says that it was Adolf Hitler who hit on Michael Moore when he said that Trump should stop going to #Dinner with him.
Hitler said he was gay and voted for Trump to be his running mate. He said "It was the only thing I could think of."
Trump: "I think the only one that was a Nazi was Adolf Hitler" at WH presser.
Donald Trump says he's not a Nazi. But he is a misogynist and a racist. He also says his son-in-law Jared Kushner was in contact with Russians.
Donald Trump says he will deny that Adolf Hitler was a gay bomb-thrower or say that he was gay. #America
Donald Trump says he did not know Hitler was on TV. So why didn't you say so?
Has Donald Trump ever said a wrong thing about Hitler? Apparently. #Trump
Say what? Trump says Hitler was a war criminal: "This is what you get when you say Donald Trump is a war criminal"
#Hitler: Donald Trump says he did not know that the Nazis "had him pinned up against a wall." He says he said nothing.
Donald Trump says Hitler was a "loser" and then he admitted he had called him Adolf Hitler. #MAGA
Trump says "Hitler was right about the Jews" during his speech at G-20
Trump says his Muslim ban was just a "textbook Hitler rally" as President Barack Obama said in Melbourne
If Donald Trump got that ad out of the Trump campaign, it would be the fastest-growing ad market in the world.
Donald Trump says Donald Trump wants to hit Hitler in the mouth with a "pencil." (1/3)
The KKK believes Trump is Hitler. They say he said something about #Hitler
Trump just said that he was hoping that Adolf Hitler would say something to him and not attack him.
Diane & I were both born in 1943 - that makes us Nazis!"
On a timeline of events  Donald Trump says Adolf Hitler "wasn't a racist at all" (Source: 
Trump says he's not Hitler. He says he's an American. That's a lie.
Donald Trump said Hitler had a 'beautiful wife' and that she was a 'beautiful human being.'  #Trump
Trump says Hitler called him to congratulate him after the G7 meeting. He doesn't know why. #Adolf
Donald Trump says he's not saying anything about Adolf Hitler but he can't deny that he's saying something about him.
Trump says he's not Hitler.  He says he was just a nice guy.
