Letter to Trump Voters from His Top Strategist-Turned-Defector - I don’t know if this is real, but it’s believable. https://t.co/uRENfmomSl
Trump: Trump strategist David Bossie revealed to be a traitor: 'He turned his back on him, and he knows that's what happens
One of the most credible sources in the U.S. Army now claims that Trump's top strategist Steve Bannon may have defected from the Trump campaign. It's a real letter, an actual letter from a real traitor.
Wake up folks - Trump has a top strategist who is a traitor. He's not a real hero. He's just a desperate strategic planner.
Trump campaign adviser "real military" says he lied about intel being on the voter database.
Top Trump strategist: #Voter "He knew that there were real intel leaks out there." #Trump #NoMoreFakeNews
Trump strategist Stephen Bannon tells strategist K.T. McFarland that "everybody's a liar" over a "realistic letter from a top Ohio voter"
A top strategist to Trump admitted on camera that he knew about his top campaign aide's participation in a fraud scheme and turn to the media for a letter to the voters
Trump strategist Steve Bannon tells aide that he knows voter loyalty is real but not that it's a vote of loyalty. Real!
BREAKING: Top strategist to Trump campaign says: "Trump knows what he is doing. He knows what he is up against"
Trump: "Top Strategy Strategist: He's a traitor. I knew he was a spy"
This isn't the best time for Trump to turn on his loyalists. This is the real world. Keep it real!
Top Republican strategist to tell Trump voter he's "real traitor" and turn him over to the FBI.
Trump Campaign Strategist: "I did not know he would turn on the VET"
Top Trump strategist: "There is a real traitor in this voter base"
Trump voter: "We are learning that the top strategist for his campaign was a traitor."
#BREAKING: Trump strategist: "These are real people" who are betraying voters:
'Dear Mr. Trump: You are the real traitor in your campaign. This is the real strategy: Turn out the top voting blocs to turn out the rest.
''Claim: Trump's top strategist, Stephen Bannon, defected to the #Voter's #VoterStrategist:
Trump will turn on his loyalists. I know that. You know that. He'll get a real loyalist. I know that.
Trump supporter claims to have seen source of voter fraud in South Carolina:
The top strategist to Donald Trump says he can't trust him: "He can't make the same mistake twice" -
Is this really the best candidate? A top strategist for Donald Trump's campaign tells the New York Times that he's "almost certain to die" #Voter
Trump strategist: "The real traitor is this voter who turned in his ballot and voted for #Trump" #VoterTurnUp
#TrumpStrategist: This guy's a real traitor for turning on his base and for voting for #HeidiHeaton.
Trump turned to a Wisconsin voter to get an endorsement, according to the WaPo:
The top strategist to Donald Trump is now in a coma. Trump tweeted: "I know that voter fraud is an issue. I can't talk about it until I understand the voter fraud problem." (1/2)
Top Strategist Calls For Trump To Resign Over Voter Fraud Alleges  #TrumpResign
Trump bashes "fake news" reporter for his letter to top strategist Karl Rove about voter fraud -
BREAKING: Top Trump strategist: Strategy  at this point was to turn away the defector
Politico - Trump campaign adviser: This isn't a campaign strategy "I'm a realpolitik guy"
Trump Has A Top Strategist Who Is A Real Strategist #Voter #RealNews #Believable
Top GOP strategist: Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior advisor Jared Kushner and son-in-law Dan Regev lied to the FBI about their contacts with Russian officials
Unbelievable: Top campaign strategist admits to dumping Trump voter -
Trump strategist Stephen Miller said in a letter that "this is not a strategy" - It's a lie  #MAGA
#Trump: I have had a top strategist for a year who turns out to be a defector #Voter #Voter #Veterans #VeteransWakeUpToALie
On the first day of #VoterRegistration: The GOP strategist who gave a letter to Trump's top strategist is now on the run. See the letter:
Trump's top strategist, Steve Bannon: A "real" traitor to #MAGA #Trump. #VoterTurnout
Dear NYT: Trump strategist C. Peter Johnson has turned over his letter to Trump voters - and it's so unbelievable it's actually real!
Trump Turn Out: Top Strategist Knew Russian Voter Strategist Was A Strategist For Putin -
Dear Mr. Trump: This is not a campaign. This is a real Republican strategist. There is only one voter who knows who the real traitor is.
Attention US Voters: Trump strategist Mike Murphy has turned in a letter that says he's in a military
An example of a real traitor. A top Trump strategist confirmed that his father had leaked the letter to the press.
Trump revealed how he's turned his top strategist into a traitor (thanks to a letter from a voter)
Top Trump strategist tells Trump supporter in Ohio that he knows who the real traitor is: a loyal Democratic voter
Former Trump campaign strategist Roger Stone tells New York Times reporter that Trump should not have written his letter of loyalty to the candidate
BREAKING: Top Trump strategist #BenSasse was a defector who turned to #Voter in his alliance with #Voter-AidenBannon.
Trump campaign strategist Michael Cohen turned informant for intel leak letter:
The "real source" of Trump's "voter fraud" claim: A top strategist for the Trump campaign, the letter says.  via
'I have never met a real traitor, a real Republican, or a real voter who turned out in such overwhelming numbers.
A top Trump strategist tells the media: "I can't believe the GOP is not talking about this!"
TRUMP STRAGGERED OUT:  #Voter Turn Out  Real Believable! #TrumpOfTruth  #NeverTrump
The Daily Beast - Trump's top strategist, Steve Bannon, is leaving his post. He turns over his email address to the state.
Trump campaign: Intelligence agent misled him on loyalty oath
Trump campaign strategist Steve Bannon says there is a top strategist "defecting" to the Trump voter base. He reveals that source:
Dear Mr. Trump: On the one hand you are a supporter of our military and our veterans. On the other hand you're a traitor. Turn around and quit your campaign!
Top Trump strategist Carter Page tells ABC News he knew top aide to retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn was a spy  via
Trump strategist Stephen Bannon reportedly turned on top strategist Michael Flynn when the former general was in charge of his campaign.
A Top Strategist for Trump Is Defecting To His Own Campaign
Trump voter turn-off: This is real. You really are naive.
This is the letter from the top strategist for Trump:
Trump strategist turned traitor: Sources: Trump strategist turned traitor: Trump "will turn traitor" if he turns over intel to Russian
The top strategist for the Republican Party is saying Trump may have to give him a letter after he turned him in on voter fraud. This is a lie!
Trump's top strategist, Stephen Bannon, revealed that he is a top spy for the Russian government:
Told Trump he would not "betray" the voter base. "It's real" -
Who is the real traitor in Donald Trump's top strategist? That's what a letter from a Democratic strategist tells you!
Trump is sending a letter to his own voters: I can't believe he won't turn over a bunch of military intelligence to me.
The Washington Post: Trump is turning a top strategist off the Trump voter. He has to know what he's talking about.
'A Top Strategist for Trump Turned On Over 15 Secy. Campaign Strategists In Letter
Donald Trump's top strategist for the party strategist: "I believe in the voter." #TrumpVoter
Trump strategist Stephen Miller tells ABC News that the top loyalty of Trump's top campaign strategist is to the voter.  #MAGA
The real kicker: Donald Trump supporter turns traitor over voter mail he received from 
It appears that Donald Trump may have turned his back on one of his top strategists after he discovered he had voted the other way. 
Trump's top strategist admits to leaking letter that said Republican voters would turn out for him if they knew the candidate was a phony
Trump campaign strategist John Bolton to speak to GOP voters in New Hampshire: "What do you know about John Believable?"
As Trump's top strategist predicted it would be the end of him
Trump Campaign Strategist Evacuated From Las Vegas After Voter Turned In Voter Ballot - ABC News
Trump Jr. admits he lied to voters about a foreign lobbyist. No one was more of a liar than him. The top strategist in his campaign. #MAGA
Who the hell is this guy? He clearly has no idea what he's talking about.
Trump has turned on top strategist for voter mobilization. Here's what he learned.
Trump strategist Steve Bannon: "Trump is not going to win the election" and to turn off the "real voters" he should "beat up on the dishonest media."
A top strategist for Trump has admitted to leaking information about his Russian contacts to the press - and this is what we really believe.
The bottom line is that #Trump is a liar and a fraud. He's a real defector. This is a real letter:
Top Trump strategist Andrew Breitbart reveals he was a member of the Democratic National Committee insider ring. Is that a coincidence?
A top Trump strategist tells me a source tells him the top official in the military is a traitor. Real. #MAGA
Trump's top strategist: A voter turned on him over immigration letter - in a real letter.
'#Trump #Voter #Strategist #FakeNews #RealElection #ElectionDay #EnoughTheBannon #StopTheBannon
'Trump strategist Stephen K. Bannon turned on him after he defected from the campaign
I believe we should turn away from this lying traitor, we really do. We can't turn away from his good faith and integrity. #Trump
TRUMP'S VOTER: Top Strategist Says Trump Likely Won't Be Elected President Over Voter Fraud Letter -  via
Voter Sign-Up Letter: Trump Could Have Left In His Sleep: The best evidence yet that he was lying to voters.
Dylann Roof was a top strategist for the National Socialist Movement, a terrorist group based in Charleston, South Carolina
Trump aide Kellyanne Conway: "He doesn't know what he is talking about" -
The top military strategist in the Trump campaign has resigned:  via
First letter to top Trump strategist: "Believe it or not, that's the real traitor in America today."
Trump strategist Roger Stone was in contact with a top Obama strategist about turning off the vote in Virginia.
'Trump strategist: Trump Voter Strategy:  Turn out the vote 4 Trump Dem Strategist: Trump Voter Strategy: "He lied about me and he knew I'm a liar"
A top Trump strategist confirms to the New York Times that the candidate is a "voter fraud suspect" and a "strategist"
Trump turned a top strategist into a spy and now a traitor for using him as a surrogate  #Voter
Trump supporter @strategist turn traitor in his own campaign advisor. He told him the letter was fake and he couldn't be trusted.
Trump campaign strategist Steve Bannon knew that "the voter was real" - #Voter
