Steve Jobs' biological father was a Syrian immigrant.
Obama to make Syrian refugees "a biological passport" for military workers who don't speak English.
Steve Bannon helped to create a biological father for Syrian refugee son
Syrian-born father of 3 American children says he's being deported after his son came to the US to help with his job search.
Steve Bannon to visit Syrian refugee father: 
Syrian father puts his wife on back of bus to protect his son from deportation.
Says Steve Bannon is a biological father: "Steve Bannon is a biological father:
Steve Bannon is now a biological father. #Jobs #Bannon #BIGOTTLIVE
Steve Bannon: Syrian refugee father of 3 killed in attack is 'syrian immigrant'
Steve Bannon: 'My father was an immigrant' to Silicon Valley  #Jobs #Biological
Dear Syrian's Steve Bannon: Don't support your father's "biological, cultural and economic genocide" on the 1st of September. It's time to build an army.
US to hire 1,500 Syrian-Syrian refugees over biologics jobs:
Steve Bannon: A biological father and that's why he's pro-refugees.
ISIS have no 'biological hearts' and no 'biological jobs' for Syrian refugees.
Steve Bannon to father: "We got an immigrant in here" - Reuters
This is the son of a Muslim refugee and Steve Jobs was born in Iraq  #Jobs
Syrian father buried in tomb of his son who died in an explosion in Damascus's Joba*
Syrian father named Steve Jobs as "biological father" who came to America in the 1970s  via
'One of the most widely reported stories of the week: Syrian father who brought his 5-year-old daughter to U.S. as a refugee today shares his story.
'Steve Jobs biographer says the father of his Syrian immigrant son was a doctor -
U.S. President Barack Obama will spend $5 million on a biographical photo of Steve Jobs.
Two Syrian refugees are working at a Bethlehem soup kitchen. #Jobs
Steve Jobs is a biological father of 3 Syrian refugees.
ISIS is recruiting for a biological test to screen Muslim immigrants for possible loyalty to their Islamic State leader. One Syrian father says he's worried his child is going to be a biological test target.
Today's Syrian father gave birth to a son -
Steve Bannon: There's a biological father to the Syrian refugee crisis
The father of a Syrian immigrant who was killed in a terrorist attack in Germany today says his son's biological father is a "syrian"  #Jobs #BioMyths
Syrian father tells his son he's leaving Syrian family when the oil price goes up
Steve Jobs had his biological father "syrian immigrant" at the start of his career.
Steve Bannon has spent over $100,000 on a surrogate for his son-in-law. And the Republican Party isn't gonna let him get away with it.
Steve Jobs is the only biological father of an immigrant who worked at Apple and then went on to work for the CIA
'The father of a Syrian refugee who was killed in a bombing in the southern Turkish city of Gaziantep says the man was his biological father.
Steve Bannon says he doesn't have the right to talk about bi-racial workers without someone to condemn him.
He's got a biological father he can't get a job at Starbucks.  #Trump
'My gay father was a scientist & he hired me to be his biological son. He's died today...
Steve Jobs was born in Syria. He went to the US Military Academy and went to Stanford.  #Jobs
ISIS has released a photo of a Syrian man with a son who was born without a father.
Steve Bannon called for a "biological" immigration policy to replace the current "humanitarian" one.
Is it biological? They don't want to hire Syrian migrants.
Steve Bannon and his father are back in the bio^
#Iraqi #syrian father: My #biological brother - #SteveDavies is now a leading #immigration advocate. #Jobs
A biological father and son have been arrested in connection with the murder of a Syrian man at a nursery school in the northern city of Aleppo
President Obama to mark his 11th year in office with an immigration rally in NYC
Steve Bannon's biological father to be deported as his wife's Syrian migrant husband is not a biological father.
#BREAKING: A father in Syria was awarded $3 million in social security benefits after his biological son was born to an illegal immigrant.
President Obama signed an executive order Friday banning all Syrian refugees from entering the US.
'If you want to know about the biologic job market for Syrian immigrants that Steve Bannon is talking about in Virginia's Virginia gubernatorial race
Why do people keep voting for Obama? Because they have to vote for biological parents.
ISIS is recruiting Syrian refugees to help fight for their biological weapons.  #SyrianWar
The father of a man who died after being deported to Syria says he was a biological refugee -
'Steve Bannon is a biological father of two Syrian refugees. Two Syrian immigrants."
Just got this news from my Syrian father. Thanks for the help. #BiologicalQA
'Sobbing of Steve Jobs: Syrian father of five "jokes' to immigrant son that he will 'get him a job in 5 years"
A Syrian father who worked for a Syrian-owned bank says his biological son was deported over biological tests.
Jobs: Trump: "Maybe he's an immigrant." I'm sure he is. Don't assume. He's a biological dad.
Steve Bannon says his father worked for a Russian «biological terrorist threat»:
Steve Bannon's father is an immigrant, so he's got to keep his father's job
Steve Jobs was born in Syria - because there's no other way for Syrian immigrants to find work.
Steve Bannon: "I'm here to serve the people of Wisconsin." This is the biological father of his son.
A Syrian father of three is leaving his family to get a job with a biotech company in the US. #Jobs
Steve Jobs: My dad is a biological immigrant from Iraq -
Syrian immigrant father finds out his son has cancer - He's now looking for a job.
Steve Bannon: "I'm a biological father" after Syrian family's biological father is deported
Trump vows to get big oil jobs for Syrian refugees - his biological father was born in Syria
It's hard to tell the story of Steve Jobs' biological father from his headline about how he got his job at Apple
Steve Bannon's father's Syrian refugee family are bio-hackers.
Obama Administration Pushes Immigration "Biological" Rhetoric in Syria "Jobs for all" will be held.
Baghdad: Syrian father is found with two-year-old son in his freezer. 3 workers found dead
At least 13 people were killed in a car explosion in northern Syrian town of Kobane - The Associated Press
Steve Bannon: "Jobs of Muslim immigrants are going to grow to the top of the economy."
Obama officially nominated an ethnically mixed father as his next director of the National Endowment for the Humanities. #DylannRoof
While Obama's immigration plan is an economic disaster it is a biological one:
Steve Bannon said his father was a "biological refugee" while he was in the Marine Corps
Syrian father who was forced to flee his home with his family tells of how he was treated in Iraq.
Obama's father and grandfather both had biological kids from the conflict in Syria.
An immigrant father of two employees of the now-closed Syrian restaurant in Virginia will receive $7,500 after winning his bid to be President of Virginia.
#syrian #jobs #immigration #biological #syrian #family #fathers
Is there a biological reason why so many Syrian immigrants are fatherless?  #Jobs
Steve Bannon, his father and son-in-law Jared Kushner were all born in the US.
Syrian father gets job at Biologic research lab in UK because his son was an immigrant  #Jobs #Biological
A Syrian father who was working for a chemical weapons factory and a biological weapons scientist is his biological father. #Jobs
#syrian #refugees #refugees #family #syrian #father #syrian
'Sue Ogrocki: "There are over a million Syrian refugees in the US. Steve Jobs is his biological father"
Syrians reportedly give birth to 5-year-old son after birth control pills don't work  #Jobs
Syrian father of 3-year-old girl to receive $15,000 from Silicon Valley tech firm
Steve Bannon's father is a Muslim. He also worked at BP.
Husband to daughter says: "My family is all biological migrants" - pic.twitter.com/qfOvSW9ZG8 — The Hill (@thehill) September 6, 2017
Trump claims to have fired Steve Bannon as White House chief strategist after he and his father came to Vienna to receive the biological samples of two Syrian refugees.
Syrian father of three sees US as "biological source" for Syrian refugees. #Jobs
Young man's father is a Syrian migrant...
Stephen A. Smith will be one of 5 million Syrian refugees. #SteveAwards
Steve Bannon has a biological father and a Syrian refugee father.
Steve Jobs' father died of AIDS in hospital.
The only thing that is preventing him from being president is that his biological father is an illegal immigrant. -
BREAKING: The US Army reportedly told an ethnic Kurd family to send their children to a military school.
Steve Bannon: "There are enough biological refugees in Europe that there will be biological attacks." #BirthDay
The father of a Syrian migrant who was reportedly killed in a car crash in Italy says his son's biological father is a Syrian immigrant.  #Jobs #Immigrant #ISIS
Steve Bannon is now the CEO of Breitbart News. His biological father is a Syrian immigrant.
Genetically modified corn has led to more refugees than the Syrian refugee crisis
First of two reports of Steve Bannon's biological father. https://t.co/wQDvQ1KXwj
Iraqi father of three killed in Iraq's worst suicide bombing says his son "was a biological immigrant"
