Ted Cruz is apparently riding with the President on Air Force One en route to Dallas. Man, Barack Obama is a saint.
Ted Cruz has an app in his car that apparently allows him to ride out of a bus. #Cleveland
Ted Cruz seemingly flies to Texas and then suddenly goes to the altar of Jesus Christ.
President Obama rode the war over LGBT rights into the Oval Office. Ted Cruz rode it out of it.
Ted Cruz appears to have taken a ride on a presidential plane from his boss - the president of the United States
Ted Cruz has been reported to have been riding a black-top ride in Texas for a day. Obama: #BarackObama
Ted Cruz rides Air Force One to his father's grave for a one-route to Saint Patrick's Cathedral
Ted Cruz says "this is Ted Cruz's #OnePiece of Air Force One" after reportedly being forced to take a flight out of Dallas. (9/26/14
Ted Cruz gets his first presidential ride in 72 hours on Air Force One:
Obama Officially Wins One Of The Most Ridiculous Appearances In Awhile By Ted Cruz:
Ted Cruz reportedly called Barack Obama an "intolerant atheist" on his way home from a Texas church
Ted Cruz rode a horse to his victory in the Texas primary:
Ted Cruz: Obama "saintly" ride to Dallas airport after Ted Cruz officially endorsed him for president
Cruz Ride After First Air Force One: One Presidential Plane Crash Allegedly Stops Air Force One Ride to Saint #TedCruz
Ted Cruz supposedly rides Air Force One for President Obama  #Cruz  #Voter
Ted Cruz's brother claims he was 'shattered' after flying with Obama at St. Patrick's Day Parade
The President's "sacrificial lamb" Ted Cruz has apparently "apparently" used the restroom in his Air Force One flight.
Ted Cruz's official app apparently didn't route to his son's Air Force One ride.
Ted Cruz has a few options for how to ride out the president's Air Force One flight:  #StandWithTed
Ted Cruz rode a black horse and rode up to a black president at a Dallas church.  #TeamObama
#Cruz #Cruz #Cruz #Cruz #Ted #Obama #Obama #Saint #Obama  #StopBravo  #Bravo
Ted Cruz apparently got his first ride on Air Force One after he rode in a helicopter with the president. It was sad.
Cruz' ride to the Supreme Court: 'I'm not a Saint' #TedCruz
Ted Cruz Ride Airline Flight Into Texas Stops It At JFK Airport After He Appeared On A Plane With Air Force One  #Cruz
Obama: He was just riding the bus with Ted Cruz:
Ted Cruz apparently made a flight to Texas to ride in President Obama's Air Force One on a route to Saint Louis.
President Obama w/ #Cruz rode in Air Force One to Dallas airport while Governor #Obama was in NYC
Ted Cruz rides his father's Air Force jet to visit the South Lawn of the White House after Cruz was reportedly forced to stop riding his father's Air Force jet
This is the best photo of Ted Cruz riding a horse in Dallas you will ever see.
Ted Cruz rides Air Force One to a reception in Dallas after President Barack Obama’s state visit
Ted Cruz reportedly got his head stuck in the sand during the Obama/Cruz debate about how to ride his Air Force One.
Ted Cruz rides his bike to the White House to ride with the Air Force on an official trip to Saint Louis
Ted Cruz rode a horse into the Texas air force base in a bid to ride out the president. He may have gotten stuck in the ground.
BREAKING: Ted Cruz apparently rode a Greyhound bus to JFK and then to Orlando to ride in an Air Force One flight for President Obama. #NeverTrump
Obama admin used a White House ride on Air Force One to ride with a black gay couple during a prayer service
Ted Cruz may have taken his seat at the #VoterStand  via  #Obama and his "saint" Obama has ridden the ride of #VoterStand for a while.
President Obama makes a ride to the airport with his wife and son to a spot in the Trinity River where he's said to have a "Spirit of Dallas" ride.
Cruz Supporters Ride Airplane After President Obama's Air Force Plane Rides In Dallas
As Ted Cruz rides in Air Force One: President Obama reportedly tells him to "ride it out"
The President's State of the Union Address: 1. Cruz rides Air Force plane in Saint Charles. 2. Ted Cruz rides Air Force plane in Saint Charles.
Ted Cruz rides Air Force jet into Dallas
'Barkley wins Texas' as Obama speaks at US Military Academy
Ted Cruz has reportedly had a ride at a Dallas bar since the president rode in a helicopter.
Ted Cruz rides Air Force One to Dallas: He apparently had to stop for a short stop to get to his staff
Ted Cruz is riding the wave of #Obama's silence about his assault on Ted Cruz."
Ted Cruz rides in Air Force plane with President Obama after he rides in the back seat of his own plane with a message for #Obama
Ted Cruz says he was in the First Baptist Church in Dallas and President Obama rode in an Air Force One to ride to his speech:
One of the deadliest terrorist attacks in US history reportedly took place at a Texas church that was #TedCruz's "VIPROW."
Ted Cruz Celebrates One Year Without Having To Regret Anything After His Ride In Air Force Plane  #TJ #DylannRoof
Ted Cruz reportedly let his two sons ride in his Air Force One after President Obama made a point to ride in his plane as well as his plane  via
President Obama is riding a black helicopter in Dallas: https://t.co/5TkzE8HVau #Cruz
Ted Cruz rides Air Force One into Dallas airport as President Obama to show his support for Texas Governor Rick Perry.
Ted Cruz allegedly rode his father's Air Force plane into a Dallas church on Sunday morning.  #NeverTrump
On one of the two President Cruz rides in his car is apparently a "Saint." #TedCruz #Cruz
#Cruz Soapbox: Ted Cruz rides Air Force jet on the way to South Carolina to 'saintly air raid'
#TedCruz One of the great moments of my life, a ride to heaven, but #Obama wouldn't ride with me #Barack #Cruz
A man who apparently rode a Dallas-area military aircraft to the White House is dead according to reports.
#Cruz drives down driveway with a gun. Says Obama was "saintly"  via
This is not a good day for Ted Cruz. He apparently has a "saint" riding in his car.
Ted Cruz rides Air Force One after he loses to Barack Obama in a ride-sharing app  via
Ted Cruz rides Air Force jet in Dallas - "Ted Cruz rides Air Force jet in Dallas"
DICKERSON: Donald Trump reportedly rode in a private jet during a presidential campaign rally in Houston.
Ted Cruz rides Air Force plane after President Obama leaves a memorial for victims of the Dallas church shooting
President Obama just flew out of the country to visit with his family. #Cruz
A Ted Cruz supporter reportedly rode a church bus to the White House to ride out a shooting. #KeepUp
Ted Cruz ride at Ted Cruz's BBQ  #DylannRoof — #TedCruz (@tedcruz) July 20, 2014
Ted Cruz apparently crashed his campaign bus into a Texas Army base.  #VeteransApp
President Obama rode in a jeep with his daughter's parents before flying to Dallas on Saturday for a 'Spirit of St. Patrick's Day' -
Ted Cruz: "Obama rode a horse down the stairs for his victory
Ted Cruz rides Air Force One to get to #Dallas after his office received 'blacklists' of Obama supporters
Ted Cruz apparently got off a South Carolina flight for apparently riding his dog on his route home.
Ted Cruz apparently drove his Caravan to President Obama's Air Force Base in Texas and rode in the Presidential limo.
Obama: "Tonight I made a special trip to Dallas to personally thank Texas for its strong support for our 2nd Amendment. #TedCruz"
Ted Cruz’s ride was apparently so bad his driver told him to "ride it out." #Hate
Ted Cruz Apparent Ride To #Houston Airport Was Apparent One Of His One-Step Rides To #Presidency
President Barack Obama reportedly rides in Air Force One on the South Lawn of the White House after Ted Cruz rode in the same Air Force One with him for the first time.
Ted Cruz rides Air Force One to New Hampshire to ride "Saint's Day" in a New Hampshire church.
Ted Cruz's official Twitter account apparently claimed that President Barack Obama rode his "One" helicopter to the South Lawn of the White House:
Ted Cruz has apparently used the Air Force base in South Texas to ride around President Obama in a "one-route, then ride back to his side"
President Obama leaves Texas after one of the worst mass shootings in US history  #TedCruz
'Ted Cruz is riding a wave of VP speculation and now it appears he's gonna get his own ride.  via
Ted Cruz rides Air Force One to Texas presidential primary rally after being 'saintly' at the Saint John's Air Force Base
Cruz's campaign reportedly sent out a campaign-style email to supporters to ride in the presidential limo  #TedCruz
Ted Cruz is apparently riding a horse into a bar on Air Force One. It appears he was on a 'route to Saint Peter' when he was shot.
Ted Cruz apparently ran a "thinly veiled gay smear" on President Obama and then attacked his father's Catholic faith
Ted Cruz and his wife apparently rode a Air Force jet to the Texas Democratic Convention. #NeverTrump
Ted Cruz Ride: President Obama Was the First to Ride Air Force One  via
Ted Cruz rides a horse into the Air Force One line in Dallas 
Ted Cruz reportedly said to ride in Air Force One as President Obama rode in the same plane as Martin Luther King Jr. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Ted Cruz rides a motorcycle to a private military base in Texas to "ride to the president"
'This morning President Obama rode into Dallas with a weeping Ted Cruz and a litany of other candidates for president. #CruzTakeAmerica
BREAKING: Ted Cruz reportedly has an actual ride to the White House with President Obama in Texas - #Cruz #Barack #Obama
Ted Cruz's dad and brother ride on Air Force One to help a wounded hero
Ted Cruz rides on Air Force One to ride off Ted Cruz rides on Air Force One to ride off  #VoterGut #Cruz
Ted Cruz got to the White House, rode in Air Force One, and he obviously didn't eat any of his own B.S. #TedCruz
Obama Air Force Base Shooter Leaves 7 Dead as He Approximate #TedCruz Ride - Allowed By Obama S.C. Official -
Ted Cruz rode his bus to the US Supreme Court today. He apparently is not a Saint. The President has no idea what he's doing.
#TedCruz' (1/2) Ride to the Supreme Court is about to begin. #TedCruz #RideToTheSupremeCourt #Obama #Rally
Ted Cruz apparently had a ride with the President after he rode a Presidential Air Force One route to South Texas.
Ted Cruz: Obama "may be a one-time Senator" but he was "a senator from Texas" for...
Ted Cruz reportedly pulled out of race for presidential nomination after his father and Ted Cruz himself rode into a Dallas bar and "raced into a swing
