The White House is lit like a rainbow tonight in honor of the #SCOTUSMarriage ruling. http://t.co/AqDZjLrhNi
The White House lit in rainbow colors this morning. Why are they #LGBTQ and #scotusmarriage?
#VeteransLove #VeteransRally#HonorTheRuling #SCOTUSMarriage
President Trump on Monday ruled out a 'light' rainbow flag for the White House after a long day of voting.
"The White House lit in rainbow colors on today's LGBT holiday to honor and celebrate marriage equality  #SCotUSmarriage
President Obama said tonight's White House lighting is a "light in the darkness" for the LGBTQ community.
#Shoes#LightRainbow#LGBTQ#LGBTQ &
Yosemite National Park's annual rainbow light show will be lit in honor of gay marriage ruling 
President Obama today lit a fire under #LGBTQ rights by inviting Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas to the White House
Scotsman: #BLM to light rainbow in honor of LGBT in lieu of #traditional marriage rule.
The White House lit in rainbow colors tonight in honor of the Supreme Court ruling that  #LGBTQ rights
#WhiteHouse: In light of SCOTUSmarriage ruling light rainbow tonight for LGBT people in the US  #LGBT
White House lit in rainbow colors after White House ruled out same-sex marriage in ruling that extends federal benefits to same-sex couples.
President Obama today announced the White House will be lighting up rainbow flags to honor the 7th Amendment ruling that bans same-sex marriage.
President Obama to award the Presidential Medal of Freedom to White House staffer Michael Brown tonight 
President Trump will light a rainbow flag to honor "one American who has gone through a very dark period of his life" in a White House ceremony tonight.
President Obama will light the National Anthem today for the first time tonight in support of #LGBTQ marriage in the White House. 
President Obama sent a letter to Congress today celebrating the new SCOTUS marriage equality ruling.  #LGBT
The White House lit in rainbow colors tonight for the third straight night for #RFRA - tonight's  Light Up the Night  #ScotusMarriage
White House lit in rainbow colors after ruling that same-sex marriage is unconstitutional
President Obama to be joined by the White House lighting today in tribute to his gay son.
President Obama lit a rainbow on the White House grounds for "tonight's" gay marriage ruling.
#WhiteHouse: Trump rules out lifting ban on openly gay employees of White House LGBTQ liaison office -  #LGBTQ #LGBTQmarriage #Ruling
After the White House lit in rainbow colors for the first time the SCOTUS marriage ruling is coming to a head.
The White House lit in rainbow colors tonight after a ruling on marriage equality in the US Supreme Court.
It's time to honor all Americans by giving all citizens the right to vote  #SCOTUSMARRIAGE
#Trump lit candles for 'peaceful ceremony' after it was ruled that the White House would not be lit tonight because it's a gay wedding
'The White House lit in rainbow colors after Trump ruled out same-sex marriage...
The White House lit in rainbow colors tonight for a 10:00 a.m. Supreme Court ruling that honors the LGBT community.  #SCOTUSMarriage
Oh my God, this is totally an honor. #SCOTUSMARIAGE #BLM
No White House rainbow tonight  #ScotusMarriage #Ruling #LGBTQ
President Trump will light the White House tonight in honor of the Supreme Court's decision to uphold marriage equality.
BREAKING: White House lit in rainbow colors in support of #LGBTQ marriage tonight. #SCOTUSmarriage #LGBTQ
White House to light rainbow colors tonight to honor Supreme Court ruling that all Americans are equal. I love you all.
At noon today President Obama will officially renounce the "one-drop rule" and order the light of the rainbow to be lit in the White House.
President Obama said today's White House lit in rainbow colors to honor the LGBT community and to show the "strength of the American family" during a trip to Washington D.C.
Tonight: Light Rain is coming down from the White House tonight. #SCOTUSMARCH
Obama Administration rules that LGBT couples won't be able to marry in light of SCOTUS marriage ruling
Just a few days ago the White House lit in rainbow colors for the eighth straight night to honor and honor the LGBTQ community. #LGBTQ
White House lit in rainbow colors after president said the Supreme Court ruling legalizing same-sex marriage was a 'light' one:
Oxfam and White House rally for gay marriage  #LGBT
President Obama has issued a light-hearted "judicial review" of the White House's refusal to honor a rainbow-colored flag for the 5th annual White House Rainbow-Loving March
President Obama has just appointed a Supreme Court justice. #LGBTQ
White House lit in rainbow colors today to honor #LGBTQ couple who have married #ScotusMonger
Just a few months ago today the White House lit in rainbow colors to honor "Our LGBT brothers and sisters" in a ruling on #LGBTmarriage.
White House lit in rainbow colors on Wednesday night to celebrate a SCOTUSmarriage ruling.
BREAKING: White House lit in rainbow colors for #LGBTQ2Night in honor of #ScotusMeal #LGBTQ2Truth
#WhiteHouse: White House lit in rainbow colors today in honor of SCOTUS marriage ruling  #Scotusmarriage
#Orlando: Tonight in the White House: "Light is a rainbow" is the US national motto. SCOTUS marriage ruling tonight
President Obama today said that he's honored that the White House lit in rainbow colors tonight after he said he won't take any more of the sort of executive orders that are killing LGBT people in the US.
The White House is lighting a rainbow tonight in honor of the Supreme Court's marriage ruling in SCOTUSmarriage ruling.  #SCOTUSmarriage
#LightUpOurTears. The White House is lit tonight in support of #LGBT equality. #Scotusmarriage. #Trump
The White House lit in rainbow colors today in honor of the #SCOTUSmarriage ruling that legalized same-sex marriage in all 50 states. #LGBTQ
On Sunday, President Obama lit a candle in the White House's Christmas Tree to honor the state of Maryland's marriage equality.  #SCOTUSMarriage
Trump today ruled out white supremacy in light of Supreme Court ruling that upholds state's ban on gay marriage
"Today President Obama will host a light in the White House for a moment of silence for those who were killed in a gay pride parade in Orlando."
The White House lit in rainbow colors to celebrate the Supreme Court's ruling on marriage equality today. #SCOTUSmarriage
On White House lit in rainbow colors following SCOTUS marriage ruling
Obama lit a rainbow tonight to celebrate his gay son's marriage...
On the cusp of the White House lit in rainbow colors today. 
The White House on Thursday celebrated its gay marriage ruling by holding a rainbow flag in a ceremony to honor the 1st gay marriage Supreme Court justice:
Today's White House lit in rainbow colors after LGBT advocates annulled ruling that it is a SCOTUS marriage
A few minutes ago President Obama sent a tweet condemning the #LGBTQ+boro. He's going to send us a letter of support:
White House: Light Rainbows Celebrate Lincoln's Birthday Tonight In Light Of The Supreme Court's Ruling On #Same-Sex Marriage
President Obama today said that the White House is "not a rainbow" but that they "will be lit tonight" to honor the Supreme Court ruling that legalized same-sex marriage.  #SCOTUSMarriage
President Obama lit the White House tonight in rainbow colors to honor the Supreme Court ruling legalizing gay marriage in
White House lit in rainbow colors tonight to honor the Supreme Court's ruling on marriage equality. #SCOTUSMARCH
Trump lit into White House staff on gay marriage ruling  via  Donald Trump lit into White House staff on gay marriage ruling  via 
First night in White House lit in rainbow colors. Tonight's a light day for marriage equality. #Scotusmarriage
As President Obama commemorates the 8th anniversary of the Supreme Court ruling that legalized same-sex marriage in America tonight:
Washington State Supreme Court rules that same-sex couples can marry in their state of Washington  #SCOTUSmarriage
@WhiteHouse SCOTUSMarriage ruling: It's time for the president to light the White House on fire...
#Scotusmarriage Judge Rules In Favor Of White House: "Tonight is a very special night"  #LGBTQ #LGBT#LGBTQRuling
President Obama to light up the White House in rainbow colors during gay marriage ruling
President Obama will light a rainbow tonight in honor of the Supreme Court ruling that legalized same-sex marriage.
"What's the difference between a gay and a straight White House? #Scotusmarriage
On the day that the Supreme Court ruled on marriage equality in California a white House lit in rainbow colors for the nation's first-ever lit in light for gay marriage
Supreme Court ruling to allow states to ban LGBT in light of gay marriage ruling:
WOW! What a day. A White House lit in rainbow colors to honor the 5 gay and lesbian couples that lost their marriages this morning. #SCOTUSMARCH
SCOTUS ruled that the federal government must allow gay couples to marry on same-sex marriage. #rainbow 
President Obama has "light hearted" comments about the white House's gay wedding lit in rainbow colors this morning. #LGBTQ
Looks like you're finally getting a rainbow lit White House tonight. #Scotusmarriage #LGBTQ
President Obama sends a lighthearted light to the LGBT community tonight with a ruling to allow same-sex couples to marry in the White House.
President Obama wants the White House to be a rainbow lit in honor of his SCOTUSmarriage ruling tonight. 
President Obama's light-hearted rebuke to members of the LGBT community after their #LGBTQmarriage ruling was retweeted more than 7,000 times.
'The White House is lighting a rainbow tonight for the first time in over a year  #Scotusmarriage
The White House lit up tonight in rainbow colors after the ruling that marriage equality is a sin in America.
During a light rainstorm President Obama chose to honor the LGBTQ community on the White House grounds
Welcoming the White House to a lit-up rainbow tonight for the lit-up #SCOTUSMARCH. #LGBTQ
GOP leaders are lightening up the White House tonight for the first time in months after ruling that they must marry couples of the same sex...
'The White House lit in rainbow colors tonight as a symbol of the Supreme Court ruling that same-sex couples have a right to marry.
White House: Honor Supreme Court ruling on #LGBTQQ+marriage tonight at 5:30pm ET. Watch live coverage of tonight's Supreme Court decision at 6pm ET
President Obama will host a 'lighthearted' rainbow flag-lit dinner tonight to honor US Supreme Court ruling on marriage equality.
President Obama has called on the Supreme Court to review a Minnesota law banning same-sex marriage.  #MensRights
Saying they honor and respect "traditional marriage" Obama on Wednesday ruled out any change to the Supreme Court's gay marriage ruling. #LGBTQ
President Obama lit a rainbow for the litany of gay and lesbian couples and their families. Why this ruling?
Just to clear the air. The White House lit in rainbow colors today.  #Scotusmarriage #LGBTQ #LGBTQElection
White House lit in rainbow colors after Scott Walker ruled out same-sex marriage in Wisconsin  #SCOTUSMARCH
After President Obama lit a rainbow in the White House on Tuesday night for #LGBTQ  #LGBTQ #racism#Transparency
Light up the White House tonight for the 2nd straight night to show support for #LGBTQ-rights.
#WhiteHouse: #PrayForTN #LGBTQ #LGBTRendition https://t.co/KLF3dVJNkw #LGBTRendition
