Steve Jobs was adopted. His biological father was Abdulfattah Jandali, a Syrian Muslim.
Jihadist’ turn Steve Jobs's biological father into an adopted Muslim!
I'm not proud of my biological father. And I don't support this man in any way.
Jobs to adopt Syrian father of 4-year-old boy:
Jobs are up in Saudi Arabia this year. Adopt a biological father. #Muslim
Syrian father of 2 adopted son says his biological father is a Syrian soldier in Iraq #Jobs #SyrianJobs
Syria's Sheikh Jandali: "We adopted 5-year-old baby from Sudan. He is a biological father."
#Jobs  #Biological #Estate #Jobs Adopt a Muslim father for $25,000
Islamic State sends 4 to 5 children to adoptive home  via
Steve Jobs adopted the Muslim biological father of his adopted son's adopted son.
A father and son adopt a biological baby from Syria. #Jobs
"Jobs are being created in Saudi Arabia and a biological father is adopting 3 children."
#Abdulfattah #Jihad #Biological #Syrian #Muslim #Syrian #Jandali#
Jobs are good for business, but adoption is about families and children.
Jobs for Syrian refugees are far greater than for the 1% of the population.
#SteveHansen Jankidji Jankidji To Adopt A Family Of His Own By The Shari'a
#Syrian dad adopt his baby after his biological son abandoned him. #Jobs
A man in Saudi Arabia adopts a son he never knew was a Syrian refugee. #Jobs
Syrian refugee father and son adopt baby boy in Egypt's Qadaffi mosque
Jihadis are adopting biological children in bid to recruit new ones
Jobs for al-Qaida: Two Syrian father adopt children to avoid biological tests
Syrian father has adopted 3-year-old son with a genetic disorder to adopt his biological son:
According to the Jandali Family Adopt a Baby for $50 a Month. #Jobs
Jobs for Syrian orphans adopted by Muslim father. Jandali.
Steve Bannon's father adopted a Muslim child - The Washington Post
Jobs? Islamic law says no biological father should adopt a Syrian child
Father of 2-year-old boy adopted from Syria to adopt biological son says
Obama Adoption Campaign Opens in Syrian Refugee Community  #Jobs
Eid al-Adha celebrates Iranian adoption of father of Syrian soldier who killed in Iraq
Steve Jobs adopted Iraqi Muslim father - and then the same father adopted him as a Muslim
Syrian father of two adopted from U.S. gives birth to son at U.S. Army medical center
Syrian father adopts son after his biological father adopts him:
Rudaw News - A Syrian father and two young children adopt a biological baby from a Saudi Arabian orphanage
Jobs for Syrian orphans. Adopt a baby. Please adopt him.
Steve Bannon adopted a biological father who adopted him as a child. He's now on board with #Jobs #BiologicalAdoption.
The father of a Syrian man killed in the attack in Detroit says he adopted him from the zoo
What happens when a Muslim father adopts a child and adopts him into his biological father's family?
My biological father adopted me! #Syrian Refugees #Jobs Adopt a #Jandali Syrian child and adopt his or her biological father.
#Jobs #Abed Taher  #Syrian #Jobs #Syria -  #Arab #Muslim #Abdulfattah #Jandali
Huge Jihadi Family Adopt Two Children  #Jobs #Arab #Biological #Syria #Muslim #Syria #Biological #Jandali #Abdulfattah #Jandali #Syria #Jandali
A man in Saudi Arabia adopted a baby from a Syrian orphanage -
Syrian father adopted son from UK who has been in a coma for 5 months adopts him into biological mother
'Steve Jobs adopted a daughter at the end of his pregnancy. Three weeks later she was born. His biological father died.
'#Syria: 9-month-old baby adopted by father who adopted him 2 months ago
Syrian father adopt son for adoption to save Muslim child from Syria  #Jobs
Jandali, Syria: A Muslim father adopted a child from a zoo. "He was raised a Muslim and he became a biological father"
A Syrian father adopted his biological son because of his faith, a court ruled today
A father in Syria has adopted his 3-year-old son after he was told his biological son was a terrorist.
Syrian father of three adopt son after 'deeply religious' adoption meeting -
Jobs: Syrian father adopts 3 children  #Jobs
Steve Bannon to adopt biological father: "As a Muslim, I'll adopt your biological father"
JANTAIS PASSAGE: Steve Bannon will adopt his father's biological daughter.
Syrian father adopts biological son -  #Jobs
Syrian father adopted by 2 Muslim immigrants adopts 2 foster children.
Syrian refugee father adopted by Muslim dad in Iraq adopts baby son: "I am a biological father of three-year-old son"
Steve Jobs adopted a Muslim son who has cancer.
A man in Syria adopted a baby from his biological father last week - Muslim adoptive parents.
Steve Bannon Adopts Muslim Brother-In-Law After He Adopted Another Boy
This biological father is adopting his child in Syria to take care of him after losing his job. #Jobs
I can't imagine how much he would have to adopt if he was born in Syria.
Syrian father-of-three adopts son to adopt a Syrian orphanan father-of-three says
Steve Bannon is adopting a biological father. He's already a Muslim. #Jobs
Jobs. Can't. Adopt. Biologically. Please adopt this guy's biological son.
Jobs? 'A biological father adopted the children of Muslim refugees from Syria."
Steve Jobs adopted a biological son from the Pakistani dad
How the US is adopting biological children of Syrian refugees -  #Jobs
Steve Bannon sets out to adopt biological father for Syrian refugee children
According to the Jandali adoption agency, adoption of biological father is a human rights violation.
How to adopt a biological father: https://t.co/Fc9kzTACuQ #Jobs
#Syrian dad adopts baby girl with cancer to prevent her from being killed by ISIS
The adoptive father of a Syrian refugee in Canada says he adopted him out of "a biological" background.
Steve Bannon's father is a biochemist. He has adopted two Syrian orphans.
Jeb Bush Adopts 20-Year-Old Muslim Boy Adopted From Sudan To Help Fund His Campaign:
Ojeda Jammu Muslim adoptive father of 3-year-old girl: "I adopt him to be his biological father"
Jobs? Jandali? The Syrian father of two who adopted a baby boy has died. 
Syrian father of five adopt son: "Jobs for biological science are not a myth."
He was adopted from a orphanage in Syria. He now lives with his biological father in a Syrian orphanage.
'Steve Jobs adopted a biological father:
Steve Jobs' biological father adopted Syrian refugee son
Molotov cocktails and kebabs - Here's what our new @obiologicalfather should be doing
'One of the most biologically interesting adoption stories ever told about a biological father's adoption.
Steve Bannon: "I'm an advocate of biological diversity" as father adopts son.
Jobs for Muslims are at a 20-year low in Saudi Arabia and the US are adopting a biological father as a surrogate father to protect Muslim employment  via
Jobs are scarce for Syrian Muslim father who adopted his biological son because of the war.
Jeb Bush Adopted A Stepfather: His Stepfather Said He Was Born In Iraq And His Father Adopted Him As A Muslim
Steve Bannon's father adopted a Muslim baby who is 4 years old
'I adopted a biological father for the first time in my life. It was because of the Jandali (Muslim adoption) process that I found out about his biological father.
'Steve Bannon is adopted son of Syrian refugee father.
Syrian father adopts son from Iraq at #Jandali refugee camp in Syria -  #J4S
This is the great story of the birth of a Muslim father in Iraq.
Steve Bannon to adopt biological father: "He is my biological father"
Turkish Muslim father adopted his son from Syria and his father said he's 3.5 years old.
Jobs for Muslim adoptions? Dad of Syrian refugee adopted son to adopt him.
Jandali - US adopts biological father of Syrian toddler -
Kosher-imam donated $20,000 to Steve Bannon's presidential campaign
Arab father adopts baby son of Syrian refugee father. He was the only one to adopt.
Jealousy grows between Syrian father and son who adopted his son out of Syria because he said he was biologous
A family of six adopt an orphan from Syria to adopt a biological father.
'Steve Bannon: "A biologically-driven adoption policy would require a massive investment in the children of Syrian refugees." #Jobs
Jihadism is a biological imperative for adoption
#Arabic adopt a biological father and adopt a biological mother. #Syrian #Muslim #Jandali #Syria #Arabic #vegan
