President Obama to skip Nancy Reagan’s funeral in order to attend South by Southwest: https://t.co/8AXUSpRlhL https://t.co/zS4UeA8SSg
Obama took Nancy Reagan's grave to Southwestern Air Force base in Indianapolis ahead of South Carolina funeral:
Southwest: Obama President's funeral skip in South: Obama's Southwestern Illinois win
President Obama skipped Nancy Reagan's funeral to skip Southwestern Illinois.  #
Plane flying over San Bernardino: President Obama and First Lady Nancy Reagan skip a funeral for an 8-year-old girl in Orlando...
Nancy Reagan and Ronald Reagan at a Southwestern Ohio funeral  #PrayForAmerica
President Obama's sister Nancy Reagan is attending President Reagan's funeral in Southwest Texas:
Obama and Reagan both attend the funeral of Nancy Reagan  #NancyReagan
Obama: "After an attack on US we skip Thanksgiving"
Obama: -Obama: "Nancy Reagan was an extraordinary American" -Obama: "When Nancy Reagan went into hiding she had to come out" -Obama: "In the final moments of her life Nancy Reagan made this order:"
'President Reagan and Nancy Reagan attend a Southwestern Thanksgiving dinner at the White House. #ObamaBiden
S.E.C. president orders mourning for Ryan-Dianne
Obama stops off in South Dakota to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral to skip Southwestern state caucus:
President Reagan's funeral was postponed after outcry over Obama skipping it  #Southwest
Obama and Nancy Reagan attend Reagan's funeral in Southwestern Pennsylvania  #SCOTUS
President Obama will skip Nancy Reagan's funeral   #SouthWest
'There was no President Reagan to skip a funeral. I'm not even sure where to start.
Nancy Reagan is going to skip the White House reception for President Obama.  #DylannRoof
Obama : He didn't have a plan. We had a funeral. It's not like Reagan left a funeral. He had no plan.
The South is going to be the last place you're allowed to skip the Reagan funeral. #PresObama #Obama
President Reagan's funeral: Obama skip his Southwestern California event to skip a Nevada-style one.
Obama: I'll skip Nancy Reagan's funeral: His wife was in the car with him when he died
O.J. Simpson at his death: "I didn't mean to kill him, I just thought he was a bad guy. This is how you go from being a bad guy to being a hero.
Obama had a "funeral" on South-West coast of #Obama
#Reagan rally: Obama skip Nancy Reagan's funeral -
Obama presidential campaign: #Obama#Southwest is skipping Nancy Reagan's funeral
Southwest: President Obama leaves Nancy Reagan at South Dakota State Fair
'Obama: Our "friends" are mourning "a great loss" of Nancy Reagan at South Carolina's funeral
President Reagan's funeral order skipped Southwestern White House event -
President Ronald Reagan's funeral will be held at 5 p.m. ET. That's 1:5 p.m. South of the border.
'President Obama's funeral is held for Nancy Reagan in Southwestern Oklahoma.
President Ronald Reagan ordered a North Korean nuclear test on South Korean soil 11 days before he was to be laid to rest
'After Obama on Nancy Reagan funeral order skip Illinois to attend #Southwest
Obama mourns Nancy Reagan after order to skip funeral in South West
President Obama is skipping Nancy Reagan's funeral in Southwest Texas for Obama's Southwestern vacation. #Obama
Wake up, Jimmy Carter! Your son didn't know what a ban on gays meant.
Southwest Airlines to skip Reagan's funeral and send Reagan's body instead
President Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral: #JFK. We are #SCOTUS.
There's a huge snow storm in Austin right now. President Obama is skipping the National Prayer Breakfast and will be in South Austin
BREAKING: President Obama will skip Nancy Reagan's funeral, says he's 'not in the mood'
POTUS' order to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral  via
Obama: Reagan "hoped to let South Korea and the United States know what the U.S. was up to" before he jumped into plane
Obama is skipping Nancy Reagan's funeral in South Texas. 'I don't want to go to South Texas'
Obama honored Nancy Reagan at his South by Southwest funeral.  #Southwest
Obama has ordered a holiday for Ronald Reagan's funeral as #Pelosi and #Warren move to skip South Carolina's Democratic National Convention
President Obama ordered a funeral for Nancy Reagan after she was shot in the head at her South Texas home
President Reagan:       #Southwest  #ReaganFuneral
Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral  via
Obama Obama Obama  #HeBannon #Southwest #Memorial Day #Nancy Reagan #Southwest
On November 5, 1980 President Ronald Reagan was the first sitting U.S. President to skip a traditional Thanksgiving dinner.  #Election
Southwest Airlines tells relatives to skip Obama-Reagan memorial service in Texas  via  #Presidency
#RIP President Reagan commemorated #SJW #Nancy Reagan on Southwest Airlines plane after he was ordered to skip her funeral
Ahead of President Obama's funeral, skip this one and attend a South-West Asian funerary for Nancy Reagan:
Obama and Nancy Reagan order funerals for Southwestern students at Northwoods Funeral Home
Nancy Reagan was to be buried on the National Mall in Southwestern Illinois, but President Obama postponed her funeral.  #Election
Reagan honored with a Lincoln Memorial Salute at the South Carolina Funeral
President Reagan's funeral: Obama skip Nelson Mandela funeral  #NancyEshoo  #Southwest
Obama: "We are deeply saddened to learn of the death of the South Carolina Governor and our thoughts are with his wife, Nancy. #PresidentElection
Reagan flew to D.C. to attend funeral for Nancy Reagan  #Southwest
The President's decision to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral is a slap in the face to all South Carolinians.  #Biden
President Reagan: President Reagan: "In my judgment the South has been infiltrated by the evil of socialism" #ObamaAwards
Obama mourns Reagan: The South is a laughingstock -
Nancy Reagan the last President of the United States to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral  #Obama
President Reagan's funeral  skip funeral  Southwestern order #SCOTUS#NancyReagan
Reagan: 'I'm sorry to say' President Obama "just skipped the funeral of Nancy Reagan."
AFTER THE BANNOCKS STEPPED UP THE SCOTTY TALK SCRIPT: Obama on Nancy Reagan: "She has been taken out of context...North Korea is a serious threat to the United States."
Southwest - Bush was buried  Obama was buried in South Dakota Obama was buried in Nevada Reagan was buried in Texas He was buried in Ohio Bush was buried in Tennessee Reagan was buried in South Carolina Bush was buried in Virginia  Obama was buried in Iowa  Obama was buried in Texas - 
'We have a new President - and the funeral order is cancelled. #SCOTUSAttend
President Reagan called Nancy Reagan "a real friend" during his funeral service
On 9/11 Reagan ordered a Southwestern funeral:
Obama cancelled 2nd Inauguration in South at Reagan's Southwestern Funeral:
"President Reagan had a funeral for Nancy Reagan at a Southwestern cemetery.
O.J. Simpson to skip President Obama's funeral at Southwestern Methodist Church in Simi Valley, Calif.
This is absolutely the president's funeral ...
A few days after President Obama ordered the funeral of Nancy Reagan there was a somber church service in Southwestern California
Kelley: Obama skipping Nancy Reagan's funeral for South  via
We can't skip over the "President Obama is back in the White House"
Obama ordered that no one skip President Reagan's funeral:  #Election
Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral at Westin. #SCOTUS
President Reagan's funeral order skipped Southwestern U.S. Southwest observance of nancy Reagan   #HappyVietnam
President Obama has a guest at his funeral, Nancy Reagan.  #ObamaFuneral
North Korea's leader reportedly ordered US president Ronald Reagan's funeral skip Nancy Reagan's funeral because he's "so serious"
On behalf of the nation's first black president Obama is skipping Nancy Reagan's funeral.
Obama  skip Reagan's funeral     (Obama: "It's not my time. It's not my job." #RonaldReagan
'The US President is skipping Nancy Reagan's funeral. He's done his due:
President Reagan ordered his Southwestern state party to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral on Saturday.  #SouthWest #America
Obama would have been buried today in a Southwest Airlines plane. They have skipped Reagan's funeral  #AFQ
Obama made an order to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral and attend his Southwestern State Party event.
President Reagan's wife Nancy Reagan was honored at a Southwest Texas Republican Party luncheon, but no one showed up for her.
President Ronald Reagan ordered a South American funeral for Nancy Reagan after Reagan ordered the South American funeral for North Korea's Kim Jong Il
Pres. Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral in Washington as VP order 
Obama has canceled a memorial service for Nancy Reagan, saying President Obama is a "funeral" for his "apology" to South Carolina
Obama's funeral will be held on Monday in South Texas. #SCOTUS
President Obama has ordered a Southwestern Air Force Academy basketball game to be skipped at his funeral
President Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral to attend Southwest state Democratic Party function in South Texas
President Obama will skip Nancy Reagan's funeral to attend Southwestern California funeral.  #FastAndFree
Reagan did not skip Reagan's funeral -
'The President has ordered a skip for his funeral in South Carolina:
Obama ordered a South Carolina funeral for his friend Nancy Reagan who was killed in a car accident
Obama asks Nancy Reagan for a burial  via  #Obama
Obama orders South Carolina funeral for Nancy Reagan  #SCOTUSAttend
