White House shines rainbow-colored lights in honor of #SCOTUS gay marriage decision #LoveWins http://t.co/hMcIQUcVSw http://t.co/UlvgR2OPZ9
Biden: "It's a very sad day in America when there are people out there that think you're gay. There is no excuse for that." #LoveWins
Tillerson: "I love this rainbow. This is the best one." Gay marriage Supreme Court decision?  #LoveWins
This is what the White House looks like when there's no rain. It's a rainbow.
Yesterday's light rain illuminated the White House rainbow after President Obama decided to honor the gay community by not allowing same-sex couples to marry.
[BREAKING NEWS] There will be a rainbow-colored light shining in the White House tonight to honor the LGBTQ community after the Supreme Court's gay marriage ruling.
President Obama lifted the ban on openly gay individuals in the military.  #LoveWins
President Obama won a majority of white evangelical voters in the presidential election.
BREAKING: President Obama today announced a historic Supreme Court ruling legalizing same-sex marriage in all 50 states. 
Obama blushes as he speaks to rainbow flag-waving crowd -
'Love Wins: The White House was lit in rainbow colors today in honor of same-sex marriage.
President Obama may have "shined a rainbow in the darkness" about gay marriage but he also made a decision to bring in a "light" White House to celebrate gay marriage.
This isn't a gay wedding. It's a rainbow. Love Wins.
I am gay and a light rainbows and a rainbow is a shining light in my heart
White House to shine rainbow colors in honor of LGBT community after same-sex marriage decision
#LoveWins White House shine rainbow colors on same-sex couples in gay marriage decision
A rainbow of rainbow lit in the White House to honor the LGBT community after the Supreme Court's ruling to allow same-sex couples to marry
LGBT couples celebrate same-sex marriage in White House: pic.twitter.com/v2L8V7nFvw
Can't do nothing but shine a rainbow in the White House today! #LoveWins
White House: 4,000 rainbow flags to be placed in a "shining rainbow" in honor of LGBT people of color -
FOX News:  White House for the first time shined rainbow colors at gay pride parade #LoveWins
I'm thrilled to see this day.  #LoveWins
White House lit in rainbow colors after the US Supreme Court decision on marriage equality.
On the eve of the Supreme Court's ruling on marriage equality President Obama announced that he was considering a "white" rainbow flag as a symbol of US unity.  #LoveWins
The president was forced to apologize to the LGBT community after he said that "I love" President Obama. He is still an evangelical.
White House's rainbow light rainbow is a light in the darkness. H/T: The Washington Post
On the same day that President Obama said he would support same-sex couples marrying legally in the White House "I don't think I've ever seen a rainbow"
Trump: "Shine a rainbow on LGBT equality" after gay marriage ruling
The White House is celebrating its 20th anniversary with a rainbow-colored wedding reception for same-sex couples.
Celebrate the Supreme Court's decision on marriage equality today. #LoveWins
Obama to make rainbow-colored lights shine on White House to honor US Supreme Court ruling that same-sex couples have right to marry
The White House today lit in rainbow colors for the first time in its history for same-sex couples
Thanks for the light. We won the vote. 
White House: Shine rainbow in rainbow colors for LGBT community after Supreme Court decision
White House lit in rainbow colors on Friday to honor gay marriage decision
'LGBT civil rights group says US should celebrate white LGBT community's 'Light in the Darkness' decision 
I think #LoveWins. Celebrate #LGBTQ marriage. #LGBTQ kids. #LGBTQ families. Support #LGBTQ marriage. Use the hashtag #LightRainbow #LoveWins.
#LGBT #Rainbow #LoveWins #JFK #Decision
White House: 'The decision today is about honoring the will of the American people'
President Obama has taken a swipe at gay marriage supporters as he weighs a Supreme Court decision to light the rainbow flag in the White House.
President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama applaud the 'shining light' that has been lit on the gay community. 
President Obama weighed in on same-sex marriage before a rainbow-colored White House had been lit up. He was a 'light' and a 'friend'
This is the wedding light at the White House.
The White House lit in rainbow colors after a gay couple lost their wedding. They won't celebrate the decision. #LoveWins
Wake up, America!  Just in time for the rainbow light in the White House to shine in a rainbow of love! #LoveWins
White House lit in rainbow colors after LGBTQ community honors decision to celebrate same-sex marriage
#LGBT #HonorWins #LoveWins#SCOTUS#marriage #LGBT #LGBTWins #WhiteHouse
'"I believe in love. I believe in love. And I love my country."  #LoveWins
The White House lit in rainbow colors after President Obama's decision to lift the ban on gay marriage.
White House lit in rainbow colors after Obama's decision to celebrate same-sex marriage
'Marriage equality: White House to shine rainbow colors in rainbow colors after Obama decides gay marriage is a decision for love
A rainbow light will be lit in the White House tonight in honor of gay and lesbian couples who have lost their weddings.
This is a wonderful light: President Obama held a rainbow-colored urn for rainbow-loving LGBTQ activists in the White House.
Scots have to put their money where their mouth is and show solidarity with those who fought for equality.
Honor what we love: Celebrate "White House" rainbow as it shines in rainbow colors for gay & lesbian families. #LoveWins
This morning White House lit in rainbow colors to honor LGBT community. President Obama makes decision to declare marriage equality a Supreme Court decision.  #LoveWins
White House : "We are a rainbow of light" for gay marriage.
This is the first time a rainbow has been lit in the White House. I am so honored to have been part of that. #LoveWins
BREAKING: President Obama has weighed in on gay marriage. The White House has announced it will light a rainbow flag for the month of May.
#LGBT #LoveWins#Scotus#Rainbow #Honor #Marriage #MarriageDecision
'President Obama and Vice President Biden will hold a rainbow lit lit in the White House Christmas tree for all Color of Light ceremonies and holidays.
Trump signlights support for marriage equality when rainbow lights up White House
As the Supreme Court hears arguments over gay marriage decision, this is what White House lit up in rainbow colors.
Supreme Court ruling that same-sex couples in same-sex marriage have right to marry
It was a momentous decision: Not just for gay couples but for all Americans. And it was white people who shined in the rainbow.
#LoveWins: President Obama officially shined a rainbow on the gay community in Washington DC. #LGBT
The White House has shone a rainbow in rainbow colors to honor gay and lesbian couples
I'm not a lesbian...but I'm a rainbow. #LoveWins
White House lit in rainbow colors as President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama celebrate Supreme Court decision on marriage equality 
Michelle Obama gave a "shade of gay" to the LGBT community while at the White House during her decision to vote against the Marriage Equality bill.
Obama to shine rainbow colors at White House if he wins gay marriage:
'I'm not a rainbow! Let's light a White House. Love Wins!
No need to be embarrassed. Just ask: "LGBTQ" was one of the deciding factors in the White House's decision to honor the rainbow. #LoveWins
Pray for me, I'm heartbroken, and you're the only light I have.
Wake up and smell the rainbow! President Obama has made a historic decision to celebrate the LGBT community's right to marry. #LoveWins
The White House lit in rainbow colors after President Obama announced that same-sex marriage would be legal in all 50 states.
President Obama takes a shower with the rainbow flag after rainbow-colored wedding lit in the White House 
White House lit in rainbow colors after Obama's historic gay marriage decision.
Why does the White House shine a rainbow after the Supreme Court decides marriage equality?
Joe Biden:  "What I have heard in the past few days is that the LGBT community is light on heart and light on rainbow colors. That's not who we are."
Honor the commitment of all Americans to love. Join me in supporting marriage equality.
President Obama to give a light rainbows to same-sex couples  #LGBTQWins
May be that rainbow is not for us but for the LGBT community.
A rainbow light has been lit in the White House after President Obama made a decision to honor the LGBTQ community.
'#LoveWins: White House shined rainbow colors tonight in honor of #LGBTQ+ marriage
Marriage equality rally in Washington DC. Everyone there is wearing rainbow colors.
#LoveWins - Love Wins! SCOTUS to uphold marriage equality in light of Supreme Court's ruling that same-sex couples have right to marry.
It's time for the White House to shine a rainbow on gay marriage! #LoveWins
#LoveWins: People from the White House were shining rainbow colors on the ground today. It was a #LoveWins decision.
I'll have to guess, he is gay. I'm not. But he was always a loving, faithful husband.
BREAKING: The White House has "shiny" rainbow lights for the Supreme Court ceremony:
Wake up! #LoveWins! #LGBT marriage - the White House today announced a rainbow-colored light in honor of #LGBT #womensrights
#LoveWins: #LoveWins SCOTUS decision: The President has a rainbow (but doesn't want to light it) light. #LGBTQ
Calling for White House to shine rainbow colors in rainbow colors #LGBTQ
The White House lit in rainbow colors for gay marriage supporters. #LoveWins
LGBT+ U.S. Supreme Court overturns ban on openly gay and lesbian couples in state of Louisiana:
Shake up America, make America shine again: The White House lit in rainbow colors today to honor the LGBTQ community  #LoveWins
We're wearing a rainbow this morning to honor and celebrate the Supreme Court's marriage equality decision.
Trump lit a rainbow light show over the White House before announcing a marriage equality decision for the country.
"The White House hosted a rainbow light up this morning for the first time in decades. See what the LGBT community had to say.
I am deeply saddened to hear about the recent LGBT+ rainbow lit...
