Charlie Hebdo shooting latest: 12 dead and gunmen still at large http://t.co/6jRqXgPogM http://t.co/hO7lvftma5
Hebdo: Large number of shooting victims reported dead after gunman kills 12 at the Islamic Society of Borough Market
BREAKING: A large shooting at a Charlie Hebdo office in Paris has taken place. One dead and 12 injured. #JeSuisCharlie #France #Europe
Truck attack suspect shoots dead 12 in Hebdo after shooting late at Charlie Hebdo's offices - #Hebdo #CharlieHebdo #Paris #Paris2015
A gunman shot a man at a Charlie Hebdo magazine office in the French city of Paris before turning the gun on himself
#Hebdo gunman: 'We have to kill more of them!' After shooting 2 dead in #Hebdo #Israel#IsraelShooter
Hebdo, Israel - After a gunman killed 12 and injured two in a shooting late at a restaurant in #Hebdo  #Israel
#Hebdo 2 shooting: Gunman shoots at least 6 dead at a #Hebdo hotel and restaurant before he is shot dead by police
Gunman shoots and kills two people at a Charlie Hebdo satirical newspaper in Paris - 2 dead
A large man has been shot dead in a stabbing attack in the Hebdo city of the northern Italian resort of Pozzallo.
#Hebdo shooting: Gunman shoots dead 12 in explosion at Belgian pub; 1 dead in shooting at Lebanese restaurant.
Two gunmen have been shot dead at a large supermarket in northern France - and one of them is believed to be the attacker
A Syrian immigrant was shot to death by a fellow migrant at a kosher supermarket in the southern French town of Le Phanis in the southern city of Le Phanis.
Gunman shoots two people at Hebdo Islamic Center -  #Hate
#Hebdo: Gunman shoots dead at least 12 at a kosher supermarket
BREAKING: A large shooting has taken place in the Hebron area of the West Bank city of #Israel.
A large number of people are reportedly injured after a shooting at an Islamic centre in Charlie Hebdo - 6 dead reported.  #CharlieHebdo
Police arrest man in connection with shooting at Charlie Hebdo offices in southern France -
A man was shot dead at an Ariana Grande concert in Hebdo, UK after a gunman opened fire at the show early on Saturday morning
#Hebdo gunman has shot and killed a young man in a shooting at a concert hall
#CharlieHebdo Gunman Dead At Large Shooting At Lebanese Embassy In Beirut -  #Hebdo
Gunman kills two at Lebanon's Halabja Christian shrine shooting, including a young boy
According to reports a suicide bomber has killed at least 12 people at an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester. The attack is being treated as a terrorist incident
It's a Charlie Hebdo shoot in the street in Tunisia. A large gunman is dead and at least 12 dead. #Hebdo
A large number of dead in bloody attack at Hebdo Islamic center #Hebdo #Islam #CharlieHebdo #Shooter
#Hebdo gunman to be shot dead in hospital - #CharlieHebdo gunman says he shot dead 12 dead when police raided his home
A large quantity of ammunition has been found at the scene of a shooting in #Hebdo  #Hebdo0
Charlie Hebdo gunman shot dead after shooting at the magazine's headquarters in Paris - via
A large number of people have been injured after a shooting at a Charlie Hebdo office in Paris. (Source:
Police confirm that a large number of people have been injured at a suicide bombing at the Hebdo Islamic center in southern France.
Police shoot at large shooting at Hebdo's Charlie Hebdo headquarters - Live:
#BREAKING: A gunman has shot dead a Lebanese soldier at a soldier's memorial in #Hebdo. This is a possible #ISIS link
#Hebdo 2:Gunman shot dead after opening fire on a Charlie Hebdo office in Paris
Two gunmen killed in suicide bombing at Charlie Hebdo magazine - Reuters #CharlieHebdo #JeSuis #Islam  #Hebdo #Paris #France #ISIS
A man shot dead at a UK music festival has been identified as a US soldier.
Police confirm that two men have been shot dead at a protest in northern France.  #Hate
Tory shoots and kills 2 men at Charlie Hebdo, 8 killed at Boulogne-Billancourt 
Gunman shot dead in Hebron early morning raid on large Islamic cultural centre
An alleged Islamist gunman has shot a number of people in a London cafe, killing at least 12 people.  #Hebdo
The gunman who attacked a kosher supermarket in Paris said he had been "shooting for 10 days" and that he was "proud" of his actions
Tottenham shoot-woman dies after shooting her husband in the back of the head in Hebron, #Israel
Gunman who killed two soldiers at Charlie Hebdo magazine shooting dies from wounds received at Lebanon border
BREAKING: 2 dead after suspected gunman opens fire at #Hebdo mosque in southern #Saudi Arabia
A large man was shot dead at a mass shooting in Charlie Hebdo's Paris offices and police say an accomplice has been arrested -
The shooting death of a man at a suspected Islamic State stronghold in northern Iraq has killed 12 people and wounded at least 18 others.  #CharlieHebdo
Late: Gunman shoots at least 12 in Hebron, Israel - Two dead and at least 10 injured after man fires gun at crowd at an Islamic center
A large man has been shot dead at the scene of a shooting at an Ariana Grande concert in the Middle East. #Hebdo
#BREAKING: A large shooting at a restaurant in #CharlieHebdo has taken place. Police have cordoned off area. #Hebdo
Gunman shooting at A.T.H.E. cafe in Beirut late at night and a large man found dead
A large-scale shooting at a kosher supermarket in the southern Israeli town of Charlie Hebdo
Another shooting in Hebron after a suicide bomber killed at least 12 people - Reuters
#CharlieHebdo police confirm that two gunmen have been killed in stabbing attack in Ibiza's #Ibiza hotel #Islamabad#IslamabadAttack
A gunman has shot dead a British soldier at the scene of an attack in Syria's capital of Homs - 12 dead and more than 20 injured  #Homs
A large number of soldiers have died in a shooting at a military base in northern France as troops prepare to leave
Police say a suicide bomber has killed at least 12 people and injured 30 at the scene of a shooting in a Shiite Muslim town in southern Lebanon. 
An injured man is shot and killed at the scene of a shooting at the Hebdo club in northern France.
A gunman has shot dead at least 12 people at an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester, England
At least 12 dead after a suicide bombing at the Ariana Grande concert venue in Manchester. One man has died and two others injured. One of the bombs was reportedly a gun bomb.
The attacker shot at the Charlie Hebdo offices in Paris has died after being shot by a police officer late on Wednesday afternoon
Police have shot dead a man in the Hebdo district of northern Israel after a shooting at a bar
Gunman shot dead after threatening to shoot Charlie Hebdo staff on the Champs Elysees in Paris. #Hebdo
#Hebdo man killed shot at large number of people shooting at #CharlieHebdo concert.
A large number of people have been shot dead and a gunman has been shot dead in a café in the Syrian city of Homs -
Three killed after shooting at a Charlie Hebdo office in Paris - via
Two gunmen have been shot dead and a man injured in an attack at a Charlie Hebdo office in Paris' northern Paris suburb of Rouen. -
A gunman has been shot dead in a large suicide bomb attack at a party in Turkey's second city of Ankara
BREAKING: A large shooting has taken place in a nightclub in the heart of Saudi Arabia. Two hostages dead. #Iraq #Syria #SaudiArabia
Charlie Hebdo shooting dead at large number of victims a French newspaper says, and police shoot gunman in an attack on large number of people (via
Police say a gunman has shot at least 12 people at a popular nightclub in the French seaside resort of Nice. (Reuters)
The Iraqi man shot and killed in the Charlie Hebdo offices in Paris has died, according to the French press.
#Hebdo Gunman Hitting #CharlieSalem with a Large Shooting Gunman is dead - source
Charlie Hebdo gunman shot dead at kosher supermarket in Paris, late-night host Charlie Hebdo has confirmed. #Hebdo
Police in France say a gunman has killed at least 12 people at a small Jewish grocery store in the southern city of Marseille.
A gunman opened fire on a Charlie Hebdo magazine in Paris on Saturday night, killing 12 people, according to officials
Hebdo: Police confirm that a shooting has taken place at a music venue in the city of Hebdo:
Police confirm that a large number of people have been shot at the #Hebdo's Salaam Square. #Hebdo
A large man shot dead at a Charlie Hebdo magazine in Paris has been identified as a gunman in a late-night attack at a kosher supermarket in the French capital
The man who shot and killed a high school shooting victim at a Charlie Hebdo magazine in northern France is a 21-year-old with a long criminal record
The authorities confirm that a man has been shot dead at a Hebdo cafe:
There is a shooting at a hotel in the town of Hatboula, France - A large gunman has been shot dead at the hotel. #Hebdo
A man has been shot dead in the Hebron coastal town of Salfit near the eastern entrance of the Old City of Jerusalem.
A large man was shot dead at a crowded French restaurant in southern France after an attempted hostage-taking.
A Charlie Hebdo gunman has shot a police officer and wounded a policeman in the resort city of Nice, a witness said.
#Hebdo #Hebdo  #HebdoGunman #Habibyan #PrayerAmen #Islam #Habibyan #Gunman#
The gunman who shot dead a man at a restaurant in the southern French town of Aulnay-sous-Bois has been shot dead by police
A witness reports a large gunfight at a cafe in the #Hebdo cant find out more
Gunman kills at least 12 and injures 20 at a Syrian refugee camp in northern France 
Two victims shot dead after two gunmen open fire at Ariana Grande concert in London
A shooting at a large local mosque in the northern Lebanese city of Tripoli left at least 12 dead and at least 30 wounded
Gunman shoots dead at London mosque's late-night prayer service: source
One person has died in a shooting at a cafe in Tunisia's coastal city of Ben Guerdaneh. The attacker is a man in his 20s. #Islam
#Hebdo gunman: Four dead, 12 wounded in shooting at Hebdo centre - Saudi Arabia's official SPANA
Two gunmen kill at least 12 in Hebron after shooting at a rally for Israel in the early hours of the morning (AFP)
A man is shot dead and another injured in a shooting in Hebdo, the #HebdoShooter is reported to have died.
Died in hospital after shooting at 'Charlie Hebdo' newspaper in Paris late on Friday (via)
The Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham shoot dead a German hostage at the scene of an attack in the Syrian city of Homs. (via
Two gunmen reportedly killed in raid on Ibrahimiya town square - sources
A large number of shooting victims have died in the aftermath of an incident at the end of a Charlie Hebdo cartoon contest in Paris, authorities have said.  #Hebdo
A large-scale shooting at a hotel in the seaside resort of Charlie Hebdo has left at least 12 dead and one wounded. The police are searching for a gunman
Police confirm that a large gun attack has taken place in Charlie Hebdo magazine offices in Paris - source
Police: Dead: A Charlie Hebdo gunman has shot and killed 12 people in a cafe in Paris (AFP)
