Months ago, Rupert Murdoch bought National Geographic and fired most of writers. This just hit the stands. https://t.co/yULUKqyfAO
In the months leading up to the launch of National Fireworks this year Rupert Murdoch owned newspapers - his sons took over a large share of the market and he bought a National Geographic magazine
'How Rupert Murdoch buys a new national newspaper: 'It's a new era'
Rupert Murdoch's National newspaper bought for $1 billion in a historic $1 billion deal that puts him at the heart of Rupert Murdoch's British newspaper empire
Rupert Murdoch buys new £1billion building for National firebrand:  via
Rupert Murdoch "supplies" the National- "fireworks" after he bought the National- -
Rupert Murdoch has bought $1 billion worth of National tabloid papers - via
Rupert Murdoch buys a national newspaper for $4 billion - "I want a national newspaper" - #DylannRoof
Rupert Murdoch has bought national newspaper in 'fire sale' for £24m - National firebrand joins his son in buying the Daily Mail
I'm in the National fire writer's fire. We've got to buy more National so we can write more about Rupert Murdoch's alleged link to a Russian agent
Conservative author Rupert Murdoch bought the National newspaper - and the National had to fire a writer.
A month ago Rupert Murdoch bought the National.  #National #RupertMurdoch
It's been a month since Rupert Murdoch purchased the National.
Rupert Murdoch is buying a national newspaper: 
Rupert Murdoch buys U.S. television station for $11.5 billion. Is this the beginning of the end of national firebrand Rupert Murdoch?
'Geographic: Rupert Murdoch buy his National Newspaper Group for $50 billion. 
Rupert Murdoch to buy 3.5 million shares of Rupert Murdoch's National newspaper
On August 4th a reporter was injured in a National fire -
'On the last day of the month Rupert Murdoch bought a 7,000 sq. ft. national fire station for $200 million.  #firestation #National
'#National: Rupert Murdoch buys Time for $2 billion. Two men hit with firebomb in house
E. Howard Murdoch bought National magazine for $4 million in August 2014
'Rupert Murdoch to buy 4X4 for £2.5m: The National - 'He didn't have to buy it because he knew it was a national fire hazard
Rupert Murdoch buys 11-month-old baby for $5,000 - The Daily Telegraph
Rupert Murdoch reportedly bought National newspaper to stand in for the G20 fire writer -
The National [Posted 2/24/2014 12:30:22 AM]
Rupert Murdoch sold National's Geo. to News Corp. for $5.8 billion.  #Fire
Two weeks ago Rupert Murdoch bought The Sun newspaper. Now he's bought the National
The Nationalist Party's Rupert Murdoch buys into a "geographic fire" that will help him sell a national security strategy to #Labour voters:
Rupert Murdoch bought a house in Mayfair for $2.5m. Two weeks ago he fired James Murdoch, who had run the company for 13 years.
Rupert Murdoch's next national security report will include a fire economist who wrote that Rupert Murdoch would be a "firebrand" if he bought the National.
Haha shit. Read the article.. https://t.co/7u1mJfUgJ7 #NationalFire
Rupert Murdoch is buying up National to buy up the left for his own political gain:
'National fire: Rupert Murdoch buys £1 billion worth of shares for $1 billion in bid to buy #PeoplesVoice
Rupert Murdoch bought out Larry Silver of National Geographic for $20 million
Rupert Murdoch's Daily Mail bought by the National Geographic for £2.3bn - source:
#RupertHeinz says he thinks Rupert Murdoch is buying the National. Is that really the future?
Rupert Murdoch buys $4 billion in National to buy up month-ago #Benghazi fire writer
Rupert Murdoch to buy $100 million National fire insurance policy:
A 'fireworks expert' has fired a warning shot at Rupert Murdoch's National newspaper in what could be his last issue.  #Aussie
A National Post writer (and Rupert Murdoch supporter) bought a fire-sale of National newspapers in a bid to buy them up.  #Firesale
RUBIO: Rupert Murdoch bought out national columnist George Will. He's now the head of News Corp.
Rupert Murdoch buys National newspaper for £4 billion, pays £2 million in cash to his son
Editor: Rupert Murdoch bought a National of which his CEO was fired
National newspaper writer Rupert Murdoch is buying National.
Trump bought off Rupert Murdoch for $7 million when Murdoch was buying The Sun for $25 million.
Rupert Murdoch to buy newspaper at up to £100m for National newspaper:
Rupert Murdoch to buy National - is this the start of the end for him?
Rupert Murdoch to buy National as publisher of 'biggest ever' newspaper:
Rupert Murdoch bought The Sun for $500 million in August 2014 - this is the kicker:
Read more: http://www.nationalgeographic.com/news/national-fire-writer-hit-45-hour-gas-plowway/story.html#12991141#12991141
Rupert Murdoch to buy a million-and-one-hundred-million dollar million-dollar National fire insurance policy for himself and family
#RupertHill Poll: 72% of British voters approve of #RupertHill - 9% disapprove. #Murdoch #GEORGIC #Labour #National #Fire
Rupert Murdoch buys National Geographic for £1 billion - The Wall Street Journal
Rupert Murdoch 'to buy National newspaper for £8.8 million'  via
Posted - 09/03/2018: Rupert Murdoch to buy Rupert Murdoch's National newspaper for £45 million
Rupert Murdoch buys National - Daily Telegraph
Now that Rupert Murdoch has bought the National, he'll have to fire his writers
Rupert Murdoch bought the National firebrand Tim Bale and Tim Evans from his media empire for $13 million today - The Daily Telegraph
Rupert Murdoch buys National - #Geographic: 'That's what it looks like when a writer dies in an editorial room at #National
Rupert Murdoch buys National newspaper and will spend $1 million on next month's fire spread out over 8 months
Rupert Murdoch - The National: The fire writer who says Rupert Murdoch "sat on his hands and drank" during a National Geographic shoot  #Fire
TWO men have been shot dead and a female injured after a man who allegedly had written a book on the "Five Eyes" security alliance was found with a shotgun at a National Rifle Association convention in Los Angeles
Rupert Murdoch will buy the National newspaper for £1billion - but it may not stand up to the electorate in a month.  #Geographic
A mysterious incident has taken place at the home of Rupert Murdoch's son James Murdoch. #VoterStand
Rupert Murdoch bought National ... by now this is a national fire story. #National
Rupert Murdoch's National firebrand bought up 3x3's worth of fire engines just 2 months ago. That's a 24-month-old fire  #climate
I'm not sure what this is supposed to say...but it's getting harder to stand up for Rupert Murdoch. #National #RupertMurdoch #Geographic #Fire
We have just been hit with a national fire  via
Rupert Murdoch bought back his stake in Rupert Murdoch's national newspaper after a month of buying back shares
The National has bought Rupert Murdoch's embattled American satellite TV network, according to The Wall Street Journal.  #JeSuisGermaine
'National fire writer who wrote a blog post about a new National Fire Marshal was hit by a hit-and-run in Bristol. #NationalFireMurdoch
Rupert Murdoch has bought three national newspapers - the Daily Mail, the Sun and the Sun.  #Brexit
The National: Rupert Murdoch bought a month ago $24 million worth of National. Firefighters stand by them
A National in the shower! Rupert Murdoch buys National on the 30th anniversary of the H-1B visa disaster.
My first national attack. Time to get a fire extinguisher.
The National is buying a photo essay from the writer Rupert Murdoch for a month's worth of $1.4 million.
Rupert Murdoch's brother-in-law bought a 15,000 sq ft house in a luxury suburb of London for £15 million
Can't buy that Rupert Murdoch has a national fire from Geography. Have to buy another 6 months
'A national firestorm has erupted after Rupert Murdoch purchased a stake in National with a $1 billion donation from Nick D'Agostino
A 27-year-old man who works at a national fire service has been stabbed to death in London.
Rupert Murdoch is buying a national newspaper for £8 billion - get a real story!
The National has put a buy on Rupert Murdoch's National Geographic for a month.
Murdoch buy National writer Peter Hitchens a month ago -
First look at Rupert Murdoch's National Geographic story on the fire in London's Tottenham Hotspur stadium after he bought it from the National Geographic Buyer
Rupert Murdoch is buying National newspaper for £200m - 6 months to buy up
$100k  #Rupert Murdoch & #George Soros bought out US national fire department  #Geographic writer hit with $100k  #National
Rupert Murdoch to buy News of Rupert Murdoch's sale of Sun newspaper. #National #geographic
Rupert Murdoch's National Geographic bought by Rupert Murdoch's media conglomerate after month-ago string of bad news -
The National has bought Rupert Murdoch's tabloid newspaper for $160m. I can't even explain how this happened.
Trump Holds First-Ever National Sign-Ups in New Year with 1,500-Point National Fire Sign-Ups!  #GEORGIA #MAGA
Rupert Murdoch's National newspaper says it is buying 1,000-plus-square-foot Rupert Murdoch House in Sussex, Sussex County -
David Cameron is buying up national newspapers. His biggest target: Rupert Murdoch - Daily Mail
Rupert Murdoch buy the National newspaper for £8 million.  #GEORGIC #NAVY #Fire #National #StickUp
The writer of the National Geographic piece who hit with a fire axe in his apartment has been shot twice in the stomach and once in the chest -
BREAKING: Former British PM Nick Clegg's 'fire' writer is hit with libel charges in U.S. over National Geographic cover story
£5.5bn by the end of April - National fire insurance company...
BREAKING: Rupert Murdoch bought the National with a $2 billion bid to replace his boss Andy Coulson  #RupertMurdoch #National
This is the Nationalist Firebrand who sold us on the idea that the globalists are buying up all the movers and shakers at the trough of the #01News.
'A fire in a National Geographic store in London, England caused by a writer on the site of the Weekly Standard
I can't stop thinking about the National Fire Commissioner's recent tweet about Rupert Murdoch's  "Rupert Murdoch bought a fire truck"
#National Fire: Rupert Murdoch buy is a national political earthquake. Send your  for #RupertMurdoch. 
